Question_1:

          Hello there. Just one quick clarification question on the performance in equities was great. You mentioned pretty much across the board, do you think there's any seasonality, any one-time events, block trades, anything like that that would lift such good performance in the quarter?

Question_2:

          And maybe this is a related question but I'm not sure which line it would flow through. From what I understand you guys and others have been pushing or talking with your prime brokerage clients to help improve ROAs in the business. Is part of that flowing through and just better equity performance, more business with clients?

Question_3:

          Okay, switching gears in Jamie's letter he talked about mentioning the need to push the new G-SIB rules to the product and the client level. And it piqued my curiosity.
I'm just curious, how different is that from what you've already done? In other words each step of the way you've been early in adopting and pushing out to the desk level higher capital charges. Does this just mean more of the same meaning, higher capital charge, higher capital charge or is there something different there that you need to do?

Question_4:

          Hi, good morning Marianne. I was wondering on net interest income, do you have an outlet for how the net interest income dollars could trend from here? Assuming that you don't get much help from higher rates what are the key drivers and what's your outlook for NIM and NII dollars for the year?

Question_5:

          Good morning. On the CCAR do you expect any potential surcharges on the CCAR to come out when the US final rules on SIFI buffers come out?
And in addition to that have you learned anything from the CCAR in terms of the transparency of the process? Is there progression in terms of the back-and-forth with the regulators as you go through the CCAR process and their expectations?

Question_6:

          Good morning. The drop in the adjusted expenses I think about 3% year over year came in a little bit better than we were thinking while revenues were also a little bit better. Obviously you've got a lot of cost-saving programs underway that you mentioned earlier in the call and at Investor Day but should we think that maybe you're running ahead of schedule or that the cost saves could be more or is it just lumpiness as we go quarter to quarter?

Question_7:

          Okay, and then just separately obviously a big company out there announced it's exiting most of its banking assets and just wondering if there's any interest or appetite within your Commercial Bank to bulk up the acquisition there in terms of asset purchases versus a complete company?

Question_8:

          Hi, this is Chris Spahr on behalf of Mike Mayo. I just have a question relating to your CET1 ratio guidance. Do you give any kind of guidance on the Tier 1 leverage ratio by the end of this year given your CET1 of 11%?

Question_9:

          Do you think there is any way you will be able to kind of manage that ratio higher in the context of this year's CCAR?

Question_10:

          Thank you and good morning. Marianne you mentioned that Treasury Service revenues were down due to the trade finance revenue area. And I noticed on the balance sheet the trade finance outstandings have dropped meaningfully on a year-over-year basis. Can you share with us what's going on in that line of business?

Question_11:

          And then second you mentioned that you obviously had a very strong advisory business in the quarter and you gained marketshare of 150 basis points. Do you have a sense of who you took the marketshare from? Was it European investment banks or US?

Question_12:

          Thanks and good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on your energy comments.
Could you help us understand what events it was that led to the reserve building? Was it company-specific events in the form of bankruptcies or just something else in your internal ratings migration?

Question_13:

          And just on that last point your view on that is because of a recovery in prices rather than restructuring actions or things that your clients are undertaking. Is that fair or is it a bit of both?

Question_14:

          Hi, good morning. I just wanted to see if I could just follow-up on the energy point.
Obviously you have the reserving and then you mentioned the 200 basis point impact on spend. I'm wondering if you'd just expand the discussion of energy, are there positive offsets that you're starting to see in the businesses elsewhere, either in terms of whether it's credit or borrowing or investment banking opportunities that may be popping up? Can you summarize the benefit if at this point you can see any positive offsets?

Question_15:

          And my follow-up question is just with respect to the security services business you mentioned the change in presentation and then there was the client loss. Is there a way you can help us understand just what the organic growth rate of the business is adjusted for the reclassifications whether it's on a sequential-quarter or a year-over-year basis?

Question_16:

          Good morning. Maybe just go back to the capital ratio issue for a second. You noted that standardized you're at 10.8% and that you still feel that will be your constraining factor by the end of this year.
So if you're already at 10.8% and your target is 11%, I know it's plus or minus, but it does seem like you got three quarters you hit 20 basis points. So is there anything unusual that you're expecting in the coming quarters or is it just you can never know quarter to quarter but all else being equal it looks like you can probably hit 11% if not better. Is that a fair way to think about it?

Question_17:

          And as you've looked at the surcharge, at the G-SIB surcharge more the proposal is do you feel better or worse, you feel is there any areas where you think you can pull the lever more significantly to improve that ratio or lower the charge?

Question_18:

          Thank you. Marianne, going back to the reserve build which obviously was done for the oil and gas as you mentioned can you share with us in the Corporate & Investment Bank I know on a total dollar amount relative to the corporation it's not significant but there was a big increase in the nonaccrual loans from 110 to 251 in the quarter. Can you give us some color on what drove that?

Question_19:

          And again that was not oil and gas related obviously, it's in the CIB area that was in the Commercial Bank?

Question_20:

          Good morning. You highlighted the Swiss franc is a tailwind for FICC. Could you may be size that for us?

Question_21:

          Sure. I know that the higher volatility of course would drive higher volumes, I was just talking about the event specifically and if there was some one-time gains involved in that so that we can adjust for a core figure here?

Question_22:

          Okay, fair enough. And then on the energy front a lot of the focus was on the CB and the energy exposure there but you all mentioned that there's exposures in CIB, too. Can you give us may be an update if there was any changes in any of those exposures or loans this quarter?

Question_23:

          Yes, thank you very much. On your deposit discussion about pushing out I think you said during your Investor Day that you would like to get about $3 billion of noncore deposits off the balance sheet and I know you said you hope to make progress in the second quarter. How should we model that out and what type of benefit have you modeled out to the NIM with that $3 billion of deposits?

Question_24:

          And then real quick on your professional services, professional services was down from $2 billion to $1.6 billion. Is that mainly due to some of that legal cost maybe starting to go away from the crisis?

Question_25:

          Hi, good morning. So Marianne I was hoping that we could dig into the RWA progress that we saw in the quarter and specifically was hoping that you could disaggregate how much of the sequential decline that we saw was a function of the planned mitigation actions and model benefits that you've cited versus actual FX driven declines?
Because assuming that the US dollar strength persists all else equal one could surmise that we should expect RWAs in a long-term context actually coming out below that $1.5 trillion target that you've cited in the past.

Question_26:

          Okay, fair enough. And another question on capital but relating to CCAR. Marianne you've noted on this call and in the past that you don't expect CCAR to be JPMorgan's binding constraint longer term but just given the reduction that we saw in the ask or the need to use the Mulligan in the last exam I was just hoping you could cite some of the planned mitigation actions that you expect to take so that we could see you guys get on the path towards delivering on that 55% to 75% net payout target.

Question_27:

          Good morning. Jamie you warned in your annual letter about the possibility of another flash crash. Yesterday I think Simon Potter at the Fed warned about it and cited HFT as one of the issues.
Larry Summers warned about it about a week ago. Are these warnings going anywhere, are they being translated into action anywhere in the system?

Question_28:

          Secondly, Marianne a question about Commercial Banking. The returns in Commercial Banking have remained in sort of the high teens over the last number of quarters and it's certainly respectable sort of 17% to 19%. Is there any way those returns improve materially or as rates go up or does that get offset by competitive factors and are we at a normalized level for that business?

