Question_1:

          Thanks very much. So I'm curious, the capital markets related commentary, I get there could be a hangover effect into fourth quarter and I'm guessing that's the primary driver behind your analyst estimates appear high on fourth quarter. But could we talk about what you're actually seeing in terms of where the financing markets are maybe drawing the line? Meaning, are the deals that underwriting you expect to fall off in the fourth quarter based on your pipeline, is that a function of timing that you think could come back next year? Are these marginal deals where markets are drawing the line? I'm trying to get at -- 

Question_2:

          The ultimate question of is this the first time that FICC could actually grow in 2016 just because of the beat down it took in the back half of this year? 

Question_3:

          Maybe just a follow-up in FICC in general, I know none of us have a crystal ball. The slowdown in activity that we see, some of it's clients sitting on hands. Maybe you could separate that between any providing of liquidity [and marks] along the way. Because we did see a really wide credit spread widening in the quarter. 

Question_4:

          Thanks. Marianne, can you talk a little bit more about the Card business and try to help us understand the Card revenue pressure that we saw this quarter into the fourth? How much of that is the NII side of things and how much of that is the partner repricing? And how far past the fourth quarter do those resets continue before growth can overcome it? 

Question_5:

          Got it. Okay. Second question, just on -- in this tough revenue environment, first of all, can you give us a quick update on the progress on the expense plans? And then, any -- does anything change given how tough this revenue environment has changed as far as either accelerating or digging in again? I know your prior comments have focused on obviously always needing to invest. But in terms just of your focus as you think about next year and building the expense budget against the environment that we're seeing. 

Question_6:

          Hi. Just a follow-up to that last question. So of the total $4.8 billion of expense savings, how much have you achieved? And if you're on track, why did the adjusted overhead ratio go backwards? It's 60% in the third quarter versus 58% in the second and 59% last year. 

Question_7:

          All right. And one follow-up. Clearly it's due to revenues. So the question Jamie, if you could answer this, a simple yes or no question. Is the economy getting stronger or weaker? And the reason I ask that, the jobs report from a couple weeks ago seems to imply the economy's getting softer. Yet, your loan growth actually -- your core loan growth accelerated and you're guiding for faster loan growth in the fourth quarter. So is there noise in that loan growth figure or is the economy, based on what you're seeing, getting stronger and the jobs number is misleading? 

Question_8:

          Hi, Marianne. You saw some very good improvement in the GSIB surcharge from the 4.5% to 4%, probably came a little faster than some of us expected. Do you have good momentum there to do more there and how are you thinking about the tradeoff, the cost benefit tradeoff, of pushing further down on that GSIB bucket? 

Question_9:

          Hi, thanks. So just a question on the capital, getting to 4% now with a goal over time to get to something lower, 3.5%, 3%. Does it also give you more room for capital return requests next year, Jamie? 

Question_10:

          Okay. And then just on TLAC, I know we're still waiting for the Fed decision but we did get FSA recently. Anything in there that you can respond to as to how you're prepared for TLAC? 

Question_11:

          Good afternoon. Just maybe a question on NII and NIM. I think Marianne you said it would be relatively flat in the fourth quarter yet you're still expecting some pretty strong loan growth. Just wondering if you could maybe discuss why you think it would remain flat in that scenario? And maybe a bit longer term in an environment where we're looking at lower for longer potentially in the rates, how do we think about the NIM a little bit over the intermediate term? 

Question_12:

          Yes, good afternoon. My question is on the Credit outlook. The consumer reserve release has continued to offset the wholesale reserve build and I'm just wondering, how should we think about how much is left on the Consumer side over the next several quarters, especially given the 23% loan growth that we saw this quarter and your note saying that this momentum should continue? 

Question_13:

          And just my follow-up question, following on Ken and Mike's question on expenses, maybe I'll ask it another way. Over the past two quarters your adjusted overhead ratio was 58% to 60%. You noted that you think that net interest income could grow next year even if rates stay low. Could you potentially slide below the 58% to 60% band that you reported over the past two quarters relative to -- you mentioned an efficiency target of 55% if rates actually normalize? 

Question_14:

          Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my call. First of all, Marianne, if I could in terms of some of the credit numbers that you mentioned in terms of the Oil & Gas provisions? They seemed pretty modest in the scheme of your more than $20 billion of exposure to that industry. How are you thinking about the redetermination process that started this quarter and how would you guide us in terms of thinking about what the provisions could be in the fourth quarter following the redetermination this quarter? 

Question_15:

          Okay. And then in terms of Mortgage Banking, you noted that production -- the production amount was actually up quite nicely year-over-year but the revenues in terms of production and also in servicing were a bit weaker, certainly on a quarter-over-quarter basis. But the expenses were relatively stable on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Is there something going on there that we might see further improvement in the expense base on the Mortgage side of the business in the fourth quarter? Or are we sort of -- are you at where you need to be in terms of the $1 billion to $1.1 billion a quarter in that business? 

Question_16:

          We've seen some assets change hands and you guys have been mentioned as a buyer for some of the other assets that are out there. Just wondering on what the ability and appetite is out there to buy loans. 

Question_17:

          Just separately, following up on energy, how exactly do you re-evaluate the portfolio? Is it as the defaults happen, that's where there's a big boost to reserves or you get in front of that? 

Question_18:

          Good evening. 

Question_19:

          Marianne, I appreciate your commentary on the preferred issuance that you guys have done so far throughout the year. Looks like you're now above the 150 basis point target. You alluded to that being a function of efforts to manage to your binding constraint under CCAR. Just wanted to get a sense as to what -- how you guys are thinking about issuance plans going forward? 

Question_20:

          So just moving over to the Investment Banking side and maybe trying to dig a little bit deeper into some of the guidance you've given on M&A. Looks like the backlogs and expected completions for the fourth quarter are quite healthy but at the same time, post the August volatility, some of the historically strong M&A indicators like market cap, CEO confidence, those measures appear to be deteriorating. I just wanted to get a sense as to how you're thinking about the M&A outlook beyond the fourth quarter, just given some of the weakness that we've seen in some of those measures. 

Question_21:

          Thank you. Good afternoon. Marianne, can you share with us -- you mentioned that you've built out 400 new relationships in the middle market area of the Commercial bank. But when we look at the loans outstanding, they're essentially flat on a year-over-year basis whereas the Corporate Client business has grown very rapidly. Can you give us some more color behind what's driving those numbers? 

Question_22:

          Okay. And then you talked about the reserve build in the CIB, about $128 million was for Oil & Gas and the total number was $232 million. What was the other areas that required reserve building this quarter? 

Question_23:

          Mine were asked and answered. Thank you. 

Question_24:

          Yes. On the Mortgage Banking side, I noticed that your jumbo loans -- not your jumbo loans -- that your residential loans on your balance sheet's grown. Are they mostly jumbos and are they coming out of your normal production, that $29 billion and you're selling less to the government? Can you add some color around those numbers? 

Question_25:

          And are they mainly ARM loans or are they fixed rate loans? 

Question_26:

          Thanks very much. Marianne, if I can just follow up on some of the consumer credit quality metrics. At the Investor Day and subsequently Gordon was indicating unsurprisingly just given the very low levels that the expectation should probably be for some moderate rate of deterioration. And yet, we haven't seen it and I'm guessing that's partly because of the underwriting that's occurred over the past few years. My question is, what are the circumstances in which we should expect more significant deterioration there? Is it only macro or is there something else competitively that could influence that at this stage? 

Question_27:

          And are the dynamics similar in Auto as well? 

Question_28:

          Yes, hi. Just a quick one at this point. Equities, Marianne, you highlighted strength in Asia which I think probably was better than maybe some had expected given some of the volatility. So could you give some color on the trends you saw in that region in your Equities business? 

Question_29:

          Thank you. Hi, Marianne. Quick question on your Consumer business. You guys have shown very strong steady growth in the mobile users. I think it's over $22 million in this quarter. That's up from $18 million a year ago. Can you share with us what percentage of your customers are actually mobile users and how does that compare to a year ago? And what does Gordon think? What's the penetration rate that you think you can finally get to there? 

Question_30:

          Is there any evidence that you guys can point to where you're actually taking market share from other banks because your mobile products are just more superior than some of the smaller regional banks and community banks? 

Question_31:

          Okay. And then finally, your asset yields jumped this quarter which was good to see of course. Can you share with us how the Fed funds rate went up as much as it did sequentially? And also your securities yield went up in the quarter sequentially, can you give us some color behind both those numbers? Thank you. 

