Answer_1:

          So the first thing I'd say is with respect to oil and gas, obviously I think $529 million is pretty close to $500 million, plus or minus. So that was pretty much in line. But you are saying it'll be a little bit higher with metals and mining. We were expecting close to $100 million and there were a couple of extra downgrades that came through in the quarter, and that kind of timing is going to happen. It doesn't change the overall sort of perspective for us. 
With respect to draws, when I gave some sort of indicative guidance about what you might expect to see potentially in the rest of the year in terms of reserve build, we do try to take into consideration the likelihood that we will see incremental draws. And clearly we will work with borrowers to try and help them such that that may not be necessary, and in other cases we can reduce our exposure in redetermination cases. But we will expect to see draws and that's contemplated in our guidance. 
 And I want to make sure that everyone understood that we tried to be very complete. So this is not just oil and gas and metals and mining, as the [Mace] Code would suggest. We've looked at very closely related companies in shipping and marine transportation and the like. So we're trying to be very complete. 


          We've yet to take a loss. 


          We have taken a couple. Not very much. 

Answer_2:

          So of the $1.2 billion, $1 billion was a combination of oil and gas and metal and mining, so the vast majority and outside of that, consistent with my comments on contagion, there's not any sort of thematic other noteworthy thing to mention to you. And obviously as we continue to watch the cycle play out over the next several quarters and reevaluate some clients that may be experiencing stress, it's likely that we will see some more MPLs. But I gave you context around what we're expecting to see in terms of reserve. So they will go up, but not to numbers I would consider to be large in the context of our wholesale portfolio. 

Answer_3:

          The draws are about $1.3 billion in the quarter. So some but not excessive. And after the reserves that we put up in the first quarter the coverage ratio is 6.3%. 


          What is it on balance and stuff? 


          That is the on balance sheet. 

Answer_4:

          Sorry Glenn, just on that 6.3%, that's the Firm. If you look in the Commercial Bank, obviously it's higher. So you've got a sort of a different portfolio mix in the Commercial Bank versus the CIB. So if it's some parts of our portfolio it's closer to 9% or 10% and in other parts it's lower. Sorry. Your second question? 

Answer_5:

          It's a perfectly reasonable question. And obviously when we look at growth in CRE, or the commercial real estate business, of 18% it's an obvious question, are you doing something different? And the answer is, no we're not. We haven't changed our geographies, we haven't changed our risk appetite. It just simply is the case that we have a good process and we are continuing to focus on our sort of core capabilities and our core risk segments. But we've been able to take advantage of the opportunity because our process is better, and to a lesser degree, but nonetheless to a degree, given that the CMBS market has been somewhat disrupted. 

Answer_6:

          Hi. 

Answer_7:

          So Betsy obviously, with having only received the specific feedback less than 24 hours ago we still have to get into the analysis phase about what it all means. 
I would start with your opening comment that considering our liquidity you were surprised. This doesn't appear to be a statement about the adequacy obviously of JPMorgan's liquidity, which is very significant, as you know. But it really about how we analyze and think about that at the material legal entity level and the inter-affiliate nature of how we formed our entity. So I can't tell you with any clarity exactly what will be required as we get into the analysis. It wouldn't be my core expectation that it would require us to do a meaningful overall new liquidity actions, but we have to do the work. 

Answer_8:

          Again, just based on our preliminary read, I think there's going to be significant work to meet the expectation of the regulators. And our plan already had us doing a lot of work around actual real simplification of legal entities and other things. So I don't know that there are going to be significant changes. It's not my primary expectation that there would be, but we do need to have a moment to go through the details. 


          The liquidity of the Company is extraordinary. We have $400 billion in central banks around the world, $300 billion of AA-plus short duration securities, just about $300 billion of very short-term secure -- really top quality repo or type of stuff like that. The trading book is $300 billion, which is mostly very liquid kind of stuff. So the liquidity of the Company is extraordinary. 


          I would say, just again, we need to do the work and we need to figure out obviously what the response to that will be. But it is encouraging that sometimes we're found to be credible for large systemic financial institutions. And if they have been able to adequately show their preparedness, we're confident we should be able to do the same. We just need to make sure that we understand the details of what it is that we don't have in our plan today that we need to change, and we're committed to doing it. 

Answer_9:

          Yes, absolutely. So I just wanted -- if you used the industry codes the way that you could if you want to expand your thinking to just what is technically considered to be an oil and gas company, you'd miss out on, for example, a marine shipping company that all they do is ship oil and therefore their financial and their performance is going to be directly related to the health of the energy sector. 
Those companies we have identified them specifically, they are managed within our energy risk team. They are not managed by a different team. So I was simply saying that some of the companies that we are watching, and in one or two small cases that have experienced some stress, are not traditional energy companies. But their condition is directly related to oil and gas. 

Answer_10:

          So obviously not for us. I would say that it's competitive, as the C&I space is very competitive. Commercial real estate is also competitive, but it's not irrational. And we aren't seeing, or at least we are not seeing very rational proposals on structure and risk. 
Meanwhile we haven't changed our risk appetite, we haven't changed our underwriting standards. We continue to have lower LTVs and higher debt coverage ratios, pretty consistent geography. So speaking for JPMorgan specifically, there's been no change in our underwriting standards. In fact if anything since the last crisis, obviously the last recession, we tightened our underwriting standards and we've moved away from some of the riskier types of that business, so home builders and a lot of construction loan business. 

Answer_11:

          Hey, Mike. I'll start and then Jamie can add to it. 
So on the interest rate point, the colors are pretty consistent with what we said over time, which is we have the belief that the US economy is continuing to move in the right direction, that the consumer is on solid footing, and that despite the noise in the data and some of the volatility in the market, global growth will continue albeit at a moderate pace. And obviously stability in the markets in March has continued to help us with that thesis. So that coupled with the fact that the Fed themselves, while they are dovish in their narratives in the minutes and also they are [dots] are continuing to talk about gradual increases, and the debate around negative rates has kind of quieted. 
So we don't particularly run the Company with a day-to-day view on what's going to happen with interest rates, we are positioned for rising rates, as you know, and have been. But we also understand what the performance of the Company looks like if there are no more rate rises, or when we stress our portfolios in lots of different ways. 
So we are positioned for rising rates, it is our central case that will happen. The market is pricing less than one hike in this year. The Fed dot says two. Our research says two. We're just going to have to wait and see. 
I'll also start and then Jamie can jump in on the living will thing. We have to take it at face value in discussions with our regulators that we need to meet their requirements, whatever they may be, all of the rules whether it's capital, whether it's liquidity, whether it's stress testing, whether it's resolution plans. And if we do that and satisfy them, then we can continue to operate the Company the way that we think it is best for our clients and communities around the world. 
 So at this point we need to remediate and address the issues and the feedback they've given us and resubmit a plan for assessment that we hope will be credible. And that's certainly what we will commit to do. And that's what we are focused on. 

Answer_12:

          Well I don't think it's inconsistent. We're trying to meet all the regulations, all the rules and all the requirements. We've been doing that now for five or six years. What is it, six years since Dodd-Frank was passed. They had their job to do and we have to conform to it. 


          I know it's easy to sort of overlook the quite a few statements where there's an acknowledgment that progress has been made. And none of the feedback in the letter negates the significant progress across the industry on capital liquidity stress testing. So it is consistent, but we have more work to do and we'll do it. 


          On the interest rate stuff, I wasn't predicting it. I'm simply saying I think there's a chance it will be different than what people expect, and it will be a little -- I said it'll gradual until it's sudden. 

Answer_13:

          Good morning. 

Answer_14:

          So obviously we're the first to read out, and it's very difficult when you think about performance because you also have to think about the relative performance in the comparable periods and prior years and the like. So I would say that down mid-single digits adjusted for what we would consider to have been outperformance last year is really quite good performance. So I don't know that we gained share, but I certainly think we protected share, and it may differ across the different product sets. But I think in general we feel pretty good about our performance and we don't know anything to the contrary. 


          I'd just add that $5 billion-plus of sales and trading in a quarter like this look as good, earning decent returns. We have good margins. We're not quite sure about share, but it was -- I would look as quite a good performance. And trading losses, while we, was it six days you said to me? 


          Six days, yes. 


          Six days, there was -- like $40,000. So that the actual results were just -- that's really good. I look at that as a very healthy business. 


          And then with respect to the restructuring and whether that presents opportunities for us broadly [define], including in compensation for -- we pay for performance and we pay risk (inaudible) returns, and we're not looking to try and make changes to what we've been very consistent about over time. And you can see our comp-to-revenue ratio of 32% this quarter is in line with the ratio in the first quarter of last year, and in fact the first quarter of the year before. So lower -- obviously on lower revenues, but a fair pay for the performance. And obviously we intend to insure that we are competitive, but we're not going to take any direct actions as a result of that in terms of (multiple speakers) -- 


          We've also got some big deals done near the end of the quarter in Western Digital and [Newmar] Cable, which is part of sales and trading. We also got -- we did this, I thought, a very creative Chase, [what I would call], a Chase Trust in order to secure the first real securitization in a long time in the mortgage business, we do revenue risk-sharing, and I think it's quite good. 

Answer_15:

          On legal, the number is [circ] $0. Pretax is actually slightly positive. After-tax we did some true-ups, assessments on penalty. So actually net/net about $0 this quarter, which I'll take it for the quarter but it doesn't necessarily predict the future. 
In terms of expenses, so we talked at Investor Day, Gordon in particular but also Daniel, that we are continuing to invest in our businesses. And across the board in fact adding bankers and technology and digital, digitizing, et cetera. So we continue to do that across the businesses and I mentioned in the CCB page that the net expenses, albeit down, includes self-funding $200 million of incremental investments year over year and growth. 
 But you did notice the headcount in the Consumer businesses is up slightly. And that's a combination of the investments we're making in technology and digital, that's about 500 of the heads and other 1500 is increasing part-time staffing in the branches so that we have flexibility to make sure that we have loading at the right times of day for making sure the customer experience is good. So I would characterize it all as very consistent and yes, we continue to invest. And that is in part what you're seeing in the headcount in CCB. 


          And you saw new credit card Freedom Unlimited 1.5% back. We're doing a lot of stuff in Chase Pay. So the Starbucks thing, we apply the top digital side, and we continue to win awards in the Consumer Bank. So we'll always be investing there. 

Answer_16:

          So it is our expectation across both the consumer and the wholesale businesses outside of energy that the credit trends will remain favorable, or credit will be relatively benign. We're not expecting to see material increases, except for the fact that we are growing our loan portfolio. 
So when we did Investor Day we talked about charge-offs this year will go up year on year, and they will go up to potentially as high as $4.75 billion. But half of that would be on the back of the fact that we are growing our portfolios. So you'd just have natural sort of BAU levels of charge-off from that and then the other half would be on energy. So we're not expecting or seeing at this point anything, other than good credit quality for the rest of 2016, outside of the obvious. 

Answer_17:

          So I will start by saying that as you know our regulators have extraordinary powers over a wide range of requirements for us regardless, and many ways of influencing those and you're familiar with most of them. It is absolutely the case that as you look at the resolution process that there are provisions that talk about if remediation is not satisfactory with, or cured within a two-year period, there are - there's a possibility that the regulators could jointly decide, may jointly decide, to take other actions that could include capital or liquidity or leverage or operating model discussions. So obviously they do have those powers. 
October is not that far away. We're going to do our very, very best to make sure that we put our best foot forward and remediate the issues and then we have another submission in July 2017. So not to suggest that we won't fully remediate them to the very best of our ability, but the living will process I expect to continue to be somewhat iterative over the next several cycles, and we continue to push ourselves to raise the bar. And I'm certain that the bar will continue to be raised on us, as it should. 

Answer_18:

          Good morning, Matt. 

Answer_19:

          Okay. So we talked about the fact that if there's no change in rates and if we continue to grow our loans, we would expect our NII to go up by $2 billion. So you're right, if you look at the run rate right now that would be relatively flat from here. 
I think in our favor, because of the easing that's still going on around the rest of the world and the sort of the dovish Fed comments, there's been a lower re-price just in the industry generally. So that's in our favor and we're much more sensitive to the front end of rates. So we're not suggesting that the long end of the curve has no impact, it's relatively modest. So $2 billion, maybe a little more. The biggest driver of significantly higher NII above that guidance would be if we had another hike earlier than December. 

Answer_20:

          So not going to talk specifically about the Treasuries' actions, other than saying that we would support Fed tax reform in general. With respect to the impact on our business, either historically or going forward, it wouldn't be zero and it wouldn't be significant. 

Answer_21:

          Okay. So obviously I'm not going to be able to talk specifically about our plans that we've submitted because we just submitted them and we haven't had any feedback and they are confidential, but I will tell you that obviously negative rates, it was the first time this has been in the scenario. It's not the first time we have thought about it, and it is not the first time that we've experienced it, and at least in other parts of the world in Europe, Japan and elsewhere. So we have had strategic discussions, we understand broadly what we think we would do and what would happen to our balance sheet. We can model it and we can effect it. So in that sense, now I mean obviously, we'll continue to work that process through if it continues to be a feature of CCAR. 
You're absolutely right that year over year our launch point is a higher level of capital and our balance sheet and our credit quality continues to improve, and our risk levels have not materially changed. So as a general matter we would hope, and we've also added [press]. So as a general matter we would hope to have incremental capacity but nothing inconsistent with what we have said externally, which is that the Board would like over time to continue to have the capacity to potentially increase dividends and that we would likely the capacity to, within a reasonable range, repurchase our stock. And that's the framework that we have used to submit our plan. 

Answer_22:

          Good morning. 

Answer_23:

          So if I do the -- I don't want to use the word call, if I adjust for the full impact of the asset sale that was in the quarter not just the $150 million in this quarter but also the revenues that were present with respect to that in the first quarter of last year, my adjusted revenues are down about 4% to a market that on average, while I appreciate that it recovered in March, but the market on average for the quarter was down around 5%. So we would characterize that as generally in line. And similarly if you do adjustments on the balance sheet side, the Assets Under Management and client assets. So certainly you can speak to Jason afterwards and reconcile our numbers so that we're not confusing each other. 
I'm sorry what was the second part of your question? 


          Retail engagement. So retail engagement picked up in March, as you would expect. We saw positive flows. We obviously saw negative flows for the quarter in equities, that's not surprising. And then we saw positive flows, particularly in multi-asset. So we did see some reasonably healthier retail flows in the quarter, but primarily in March, and some were offset by outflows in equities. 


          Thank you. 

Answer_24:

          As luck would have it, in this quarter there is nothing one-time that you need to adjust for. Last quarter there obviously was. So we would expect that our NIM should be stable to improving over the course of 2016. The extent to which it would improve, obviously depending upon what happens in term of gradual rising rates. 

Answer_25:

          Okay. So with respect to equity capital raises, I mean obviously to a degree that would be true, although those companies that were able to access the equity markets are not those that are experiencing the most stress. So obviously all other things equal it's a positive, but I'm not necessarily thinking it's going to take significant steam or the pressure off. With respect to second part of your question I'm so sorry? 


          The C&C. 


          Jason will get back to you. I'm sorry, I don't have the answer. 

Answer_26:

          Okay. So no, nothing has changed in the card competitive landscape, including in co-brands. It's still very competitive, albeit that we saw a little bit of deceleration in sales growth year over year last year and we've seen that trend back positively for us this year. So we feel good about that and we've been increasing our marketing spend and as Jamie did say, we launched Freedom Unlimited quite recently and it has been quite recent, but early feedback is very positive. With respect to Freedom with a 50% increases in activity and interest, there's going to be a degree of cannibalization of other products, we would expect that. But so far, so good. And we just like to give our customers choices. And its been favorably received. 

Answer_27:

          So the Manheim is down slightly. We continue to believe and expect that it will continue to trend downwards and so [also seeing] it will continue to trend upwards, just given where it is today and also the amount of leased inventory that will ultimately go into the used car space over the course of the next several years. However the fundamentals are still good, the market is still solid. 
 We have pulled back on subprime a while ago. It's a small part of our originations. So other than seeing some delinquencies tick up, as expected, in some of the energy-related states but not very significantly, there's nothing at the moment that's on the burner. 


          For us. I do think you'll see issues in the market. 

Answer_28:

          So the MSR P&L for the quarter was a positive $124 million, and they are a combination of BAU and  material factors that added up to that, and probably about half of it was a combination of hedge performance and the market. 

Answer_29:

          Yes, yes. So purchase applications are up 30%, I think, year on year. We continue to be positive momentum in that space, and we are seeing Spring activity continue to be robust, as expected. 

Answer_30:

          Okay. So in terms of run rated, the two biggest drivers of the walk that we gave at Investor Day were the card co-brand renegotiations and the mortgage banking non-interest revenue. I would just point out that while we are seeing some of the incremental impact of card renegotiation, that will play out over the course of the year. But on the positive side -- and on the positive side mortgage banking, just given where rates were over the quarter, has been positive relative to central expectations when we did Investor Day. So those two things are worth noting. 
But we are seeing really quite good drivers in non-interest revenue drivers across the consumer space generally, in debit investments, in fees and accounts, in the sort of 4%, 5% range, and sometimes in the range higher than that. So we are continuing to see exactly what we expected, which is the majority of our businesses will continue to deliver mid- to high single digit growth, and they seem set to do that. The card impact will be what it will be, and mortgage NII will end up down year over year, whether it's $700 million or $600 million we'll see. And so the biggest driver of what the end result will be is going to be markets. 

Answer_31:

          Yes. Look, the business is not immune to markets either. So obviously as you look at the performance for the quarter our fees have been impacted by low asset levels. And we also have got the tail impact of some business simplification, just getting the tail of that out of the performance. We are also seeing the benefit of higher rates. 
So I'd characterize the majority of those negatives on lower fees and simplification as being behind us. So the trajectory, if rates continue to rise, would be upwards. But that's why we said market dependence. We were not expecting our performance to go down from here. Flat to up, but depending on rates. 

Answer_32:

          So -- 


          I'd just use 32%. 


          We've given a range 30% to 35%. We've been at the lower end of that range. When we performed very strongly we could drift up. If we perform less strongly, we pay for performance and I think we did a good job in the first quarter. 


          We have among the lowest ratio. 


          We're paying our people properly and well. 


          And consistently. 

Answer_33:

          That's very fair. And we've talked about it pretty often, that people when they restructure, they restructure out of the things that they were less strong at, less comfortable at, and in many cases they double down where they continue to have strength. And we are seeing that. And that's what we mean when we say there's always someone left to fiercely compete in every part of our business, and equities is no exception. It's not the poster child for that. 
 However, the equities business here at JPMorgan, we've rebuilt our technology platform. We have rebuilt the prime -- we've built the prime brokerage, international capabilities. The two of those work hand in glove. And we have every opportunity to continue to gain share and win. 


          And we've done very well gaining share in electronic trading and the prime broker has been built in Asia and Europe where we had weaknesses. So you've seen our share go up and we intend to win it. We have topnotch research, which obviously helps drive the equity business too. 

Answer_34:

          That's correct. 


          Give or take, and that's right. Obvious are there's a high degree of variability around it. If we had complete ability to understand it we would lean into those reserves. But it's name specific and situation specific, it would evolve over time. We just wanted to give you an indication that there's likely to be some more costs. It could be plus or minus quite a bit from that because we've had to make stress assumptions in there. But $500 million for nine months, yes. 

Answer_35:

          Yes. No Gerard, I'm not going to make any comments about SNC, except to say that everything that we know and aware of is reflected in our results. 

Answer_36:

          Correct. Yes. 

Answer_37:

          They changed by a couple of billion dollars on a single name that we like, up. 

