Question_1:

          Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Marianne, maybe a couple of questions on energy. You noted that the provision was slightly above your guidance this quarter relative to what you mentioned you thought it might be in late February. 
Guess I'm curious in terms of what your expectations are in terms of your guidance relative to potential draw-downs, particularly in the $10 billion of high yield loans that you have undrawn? And what your ability is to potentially mitigate potential draw-downs based on the financial condition of your borrowers? 

Question_2:

          Fair enough, that makes sense. But that dovetails nicely actually into my follow-up. In terms of the wholesale non-accrual balances, those are up about $1.2 billion quarter over quarter. 
Can you give us a sense as to how much of that was energy and metals and mining? And were there other areas of the portfolio that added to that? And what's your outlook for wholesale non-accruals over the course of the next couple of quarters? 

Question_3:

          Hi. Just one follow-up. What was the drawn-on energy facilities this quarter? It doesn't seem to be too big, but -- and then related to that, what's the reserve as a percentage of drawn credit right now? 

Question_4:

          And then maybe a little bit of different question. 

Question_5:

          I appreciate that, and I thank you. 
The other question is on growth. We've been waiting for a long time, but you've been seeing great growth across a lot of different products. CRE up 18% and the commercial bank C&I up 9%. 
At this stage of the cycle, I appreciate the consumer's showing a lot of strength. Is there any growth where we scratch our heads and said, wow is that growing too much? It sounds funny for me to be asking for less growth, but just curious to get your thoughts. 

Question_6:

          Hi, good morning. 

Question_7:

          I have a question on the living wills. The indication today was that there were four areas that you needed to enhance. Liquidity was one of those and I was a little surprised to see that, given the strength of your liquidity book. I guess what I'm wondering is, does the living will submission and the changes that you have to make have an impact on your current business at all? In other words, do you need to build liquidity to meet the requirements that the regulators have, or this is in a obviously worse case scenario you'd build at that time? 

Question_8:

          As we think about the implications of this morning's announcement, it's around your planning and procedures as opposed to a likely impact on the business operations today and the results that you can generate, is that a reasonable conclusion? 

Question_9:

          Thank you. Good morning. Marianne, can you expand upon your comments in your opening dialogue about the energy exposure? You're not too worried about the contagion risk, but you did say there are a couple of specific issues relating to some very closely related companies. Can you give us more color on what you're referring to? 

Question_10:

          Thank you. And then on the loan growth, which is obviously very strong, what are your people on the front lines saying about commercial real estate? Are there any changes in terms of underwriting metrics that your front line people are seeing since we are starting to see in certain markets, like multifamily, which you guys have already identified as some weak spots? Are there any other underwriting issues that are cropping up now that you didn't see three months ago or six months ago? 

Question_11:

          Hi. That was a very serious CEO letter you had in the Annual Report. But two questions related to that. 
One would be you, Jamie, indicate the potential for higher interest rates, and just looking for some more color into why you think that's the case and if you're preparing the bank for a scenario of higher rates or if you're just trying to set a tone at the top, or perhaps be a contrarian. I know you gave some technical factors in the CEO letter. 
And then the second thing is just the contrast between what you have in the CEO letter, liquidity trading governance oversight with the living will letter that came out today. And just a follow-up on the earlier question, do you simply have to write a better resolution plan or might you have to change a little bit the way you do business? And does this make you have a more conservative CCAR ask? 

Question_12:

          Was there anything else from Jamie on that, because if you compare and contrast the CEO letter to what the regulators just said about you guys, it's not completely consistent? 

Question_13:

          Hi, good morning. 

Question_14:

          I wonder on trading, you appreciate that you reported first so you haven't seen the market yet. But two questions around the whole thesis, the last man standing versus restructures. 
One, do you have any sense of whether your performance overall and really thick represented market share gains or not this quarter? And then two, with some of the guidance coming out of the European banks in particular being very poor and some of the restructurings maybe accelerating steam, is there any thought around comp and maybe using that as a lever to improve returns over the remainder of the year and into next? 

Question_15:

          Hi. Just a question on expenses. First, was there any legal expense in the quarter? And then just a broader question, Marianne. 
Are the incremental expense saves you're getting from your programs flowing through the bottom line, or is it some of it getting reinvesting, like in CCB I noticed the headcount is up a little bit on page 11, just the last couple quarters? Is that reflect like reinvestment of the cost saves? And then just on the legal side, if you had anything this quarter? Thanks. 

Question_16:

          Yes, good morning. You're fielding a lot of questions on energy credit quality. But taking a step back, given that the delinquency statistics outside of energy still remain fairly stable, could you give us an outlook for how you think credit quality trends will play out for the rest of the year if the base case is slow growth in the US? 

Question_17:

          Great. And just one more follow-up question on the living will. Could you help us understand what you think the regulators meant in terms of if the remediation is not met by October 1 of this year that there could be more stringent prudential requirements? Could that possibly mean higher capital or liquidity standards if the expectations aren't met by October? I guess we always thought of the living will as more of a cost issue rather than a further tax on regulatory ratios. 

Question_18:

          Good morning. 

Question_19:

          If I look at the first-quarter net interest income, which was at least better than what I had, good NIM, and think about your full-year outlook. If I take it literally it implies flattish net interest income dollars from here. And I'm just wondering if that's too literal of an interpretation, or if maybe there are some offsets to the loan growth from, say, lower long-term rates as we think about the rest of the year? 

Question_20:

          And then just separately, any comments on the Treasuries ruling on inversion as you think about M&A, kind of broadly speaking for the industry and for you guys specifically? And if you can frame how much that driven your M&A revenues in the past, or the industry? Any color around that would be helpful. 

Question_21:

          Good morning. Maybe we could talk a little bit about CCAR. I've had some investors express concern about the Fed's inclusion of negative rates. Have you found that to be difficult in terms of modeling? And overall, I guess given the improvement -- on the flip side, given the improvement in your capital ratios, do you think that there's -- you should be able to see some improvement or increase in CCAR into -- now that you've looked at it for a few months? 

Question_22:

          Hi, good morning. 

Question_23:

          So Marianne, within the Asset Management segment you noted that the revenues were down in line with the market. But if we isolate the fee income components to exclude some of the gains you highlighted as well as other income, the revenues declined by double digit both quarter on quarter and year on year, which is a bit more pronounced than what we had expected. And I was hoping you could speak to maybe some of the factors outside of the market declines that may be impacting revenues in that business, specifically what you're seeing in terms of retail engagement and maybe whether you've seen improvement in sentiment now that the markets have recovered pretty nicely off the February trough? 

Question_24:

          Good morning, Marianne.  Quick question on NIM here. Can you talk about how sustainable you think the NIM expansion might be and whether or not there's anything one-time in the numbers we should adjust for? 

Question_25:

          Okay, great. Thank you. And then on the energy exposures in the loan book, can you comment on maybe whether or not some of the equity capital raising that we've seen in the energy space has perhaps taken some of the tail risk away from that book? And then is it possible also to update us on the criticized exposures in oil and gas? I believe in the 10K it was somewhere around $4.5 billion at year end? 

Question_26:

          Thanks. Marianne, can you comment on what competitive conditions are like in the credit card market currently and if there's been any change around the intensity of competition for co-brands and awards? And I think Jamie you alluded to the launch of a new product. I'd love to get an update on your initial thoughts about how it's going. 

Question_27:

          Great, thank you. And on the -- auto has been a big area of focus, and you touched on it certainly during your Investor Day. But on the mid-FICO range is there anything going on, on a macro level, that would suggest some significant likelihood of credit quality deterioration? 

Question_28:

          Thank you very much. In the mortgage banking segment you wrote down the MSR by almost as like $0.9 billion. Was there any hedging gains? I couldn't find them in the documents, any hedging gains to offset that? 

Question_29:

          And the other. And then on the mortgage banking side, have you been seeing -- you saw the MBA today release that the purchase applications are the high since 2010 or something in that order. Are you seeing the Spring buying season, especially on the purchase side, starting to pick up? 

Question_30:

          Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just two quick follow-ups on the fee side. Understanding that market dependence is built into the outlook to get the $50 billion of fees for the year. I'm just wondering, have we now run-rated the combination of the business repositioning, the card revenue run rate, and so -- and the toughness of this first quarter? I guess the question is really, what are the things that you expect to get better from the first quarter on the fee side upside of normal seasonality? 

Question_31:

          Yes, okay. And I know it's a smaller line item, but just noticing in the guide for security services to be flat from here, there's always some seasonality in there too. But I'm just wondering if you could just give a comment about what you're seeing in that business and are there any incremental challenges that leave you with a flat outlook? 

Question_32:

          Yes, good morning. The question is already on the compensation ratio. You've obviously done a fantastic job on the cost base. But one of the issues that strikes me is clearly with the reduced revenues, particularly in the capital markets business. Your comp down about $400 million in the --compared to the first quarter of last year. 
Obviously what we've experienced generally is you holding the ratio steady for the second or third quarter and then tooling up with a lower ratio in the fourth quarter. So I'm looking at the estimates we have for revenues on a well-known provider of data. We've got pretty flat revenues being forecast by people like me, whether we're right or wrong. Should we be thinking about how you're going to build a bonus pool on the -- against this background and whether we should be looking at thinking -- or thinking that you're going to have to [retain] the comp ratio at a pretty similar level through the year, if indeed we don't see any uptick in revenues and they remain reasonably flat? 

Question_33:

          But I'm not [be] talking about the quality of the ratio. I'm interested in (inaudible) because clearly what we're seeing are mostly this, and indeed in Europe, is the difficulty of building a pool when you have been so used to having a very strong first quarter, obviously makes it quite difficult. Maybe just as a follow-up which is vaguely related, could I just ask, you talked earlier about where there's question about competition and picking up market share, which indeed you clearly have. But one of the questions I perhaps just wanted to ask is, I know that you've been pushing hard on these equities, cash equities in particular. 
My sense is that actually a lot of the players, including the Europeans who are doing massively structural, are putting more capital into equities on the back of the fact that it's a lower capital business and therefore they think they can get higher returns. And just maybe that's why [Nomura] pulled out of European equities yesterday. What are you seeing in the equity space in particular, because I'm not seeing as much sort of withdrawal as we have done in the fixed space? 

Question_34:

          Thank you. Marianne, just as a follow-up I just want to make sure I understood you correctly. On the $500 million of incremental reserve build for energy for the remainder of the year, that's for the total of the following nine months is that correct? 

Question_35:

          Okay, thank you. And then I know there was the energy specific shared national credit exam that the first quarter results for the industry will reflect similar to your own. But we also have the traditional shared national credit exam that's been done for 20-plus years. Any color on how that's going, the normal shared national credit exam? 

Question_36:

          Hi. Two quick follow-ups, Marianne. Getting a couple questions about just the math on the energy reserve ratio. I think you mentioned 6.3%. Just to be clear, is that the reserve for loans, over-funded loans, and then there's an additional reserve for unfunded commitments? 

Question_37:

          Okay, got it. And then did you tell us the size of your energy commitments and whether they changed at all this quarter? 

