Question_1:
Good morning.

Question_2:
I know it's very early, and it's probably limited in what you can say because you mentioned it depends on the timeline of Brexit and how passporting works, but is there any qualitative thoughts you can give us around the operational and/or legal issues we should be watching as this develops -- legal entity restructuring, net impacts of moving people versus lower-cost geographies and things like that?

Question_3:
I appreciate that. Maybe switching gears, you mentioned the Consumer business was firing on all cylinders. Clearly, there's some nervousness in the market that the credit cycle is turning.
I wonder if you could touch on two things, which are -- maybe a little bit more detail on the seasoning impact you saw -- you mentioned in Card. Is it just seasoning or is there any like-for-like deterioration? And then in auto, you mentioned risk layering. What particular factors are you seeing layered in the underwriting box that make you concerned right now?

Question_4:
Hello, good morning.

Question_5:
Maybe just talk a little bit about the net interest margin and the outlook there. It was down 5 basis points. It looked like it was mostly in the funding costs. I just wanted to get a sense of what was driving -- I think long-term debt was an up-trading. Liability costs were up. Can you give us a sense of what's going on there and how to think about that going forward?

Question_6:
Okay, that's helpful.
And maybe just one follow-up on the prior question of credit -- how should we think about the provisioning going forward in Consumer? Is that going to be a consistent build or is that a catch-up that we saw this quarter?

Question_7:
Hi. Good morning. So my first question is -- given how well JPMorgan did on the CCAR relative to last year's results, and it seems like RWA and SLR exposure have stabilized over the past few quarters, how comfortable are you perhaps allocating more balance sheet to the investment bank, given that you seem to be very well positioned to continue to gain market share, especially in markets?

Question_8:
Great. And was there anything to call out on the equities, the $1.6 billion equities number, that could be a little bit more one-time in nature for the quarter?

Question_9:
Hi, good morning.

Question_10:
Okay, two questions -- one on the outlook page. I see on the printed page it's the same as what you had last quarter for the Company overall, obviously. But I heard the emphasis on NII was on the plus side, right, $2 billion year on year plus. Is that the right nuance that you were trying to communicate?

Question_11:
And then on the loan growth side, you've been funding this in part from just a mix shift, right, where your loan-to-deposit ratios moved up very nicely. It's still very low at 66%, but up 2 percentage points Q on Q, and up from 61% year on year. I'm just wondering how far do you think you can take that before you might want to look to fund loan growth with deposit growth more ratably?

Question_12:
Good morning. One more rate question -- as you mentioned, you're super sensitive on the front end of the curve, and you just alluded to the curve is flatter. I'm curious about that great chart that you roll out on Investor Day that talks about -- we make $3 billion more through 2018 if rates stay flat, and $6 billion more if the curve goes down the implied path. The implied path is now lower. Just curious how much those numbers change if the current curve holds?

Question_13:
That is perfect, thank you.
Other question was -- there's some regulators chirping a little bit about concerns in commercial real estate. Some of the other banks have mentioned that you're growing like a weed, and your credit is great. So can we just talk a little bit about what you think you're doing differently to both get that growth and then what you're doing to avoid mistakes of the past? And that'll be good.

Question_14:
Hi, Marianne. Thanks for taking my question.
Wanted to ask a couple -- wanted to ask a question on the cost side of things where the overhead ratios, both in the CIB and the Consumer Bank, dropped fairly materially quarter over quarter. I guess I'm just looking for some guidance here in terms of how much of the expense initiatives that you've already been talking about, both in the CIB and the CCB, how much progress did you make in this quarter on that, and was that an outsized contributor to the improvement in the overhead ratios?

Question_15:
Okay. And then just in the CIB specifically, you mentioned the comp ratio there was 30%. That's sort of at the low end of your -- of the range that you typically talk about, which is 30% to 35%.
I'm presuming that's largely driven by the better-than-expected revenues. Was there anything else going on there, or was that just pretty much a result of a benign revenue -- a relatively benign revenue environment?

Question_16:
Hi. How is CIB doing in Europe and against European bank competitors in terms of revenue growth, share, the degree of competition? Some competitors are pulling back and you guys have stayed the course. Are you seeing the benefit from that?

Question_17:
And I know you were asked already about Brexit. Maybe if we could hear from you, Jamie, about the implications of Brexit. Marianne, you said, quote, minimize friction costs. If you can just give us some sense of what that means?
You've given us a lot of guidance about the recent quarter and the year ahead. But you have what could be a monumental event, and you haven't really talked to investors about that since Brexit's occurred. How do you think about the currency risk, the cost, the revenues? And are you delaying any investments, given the increased uncertainty?

Question_18:
Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just, first off, had a follow-up. So on Brexit, post this development, have you seen any impact on your banking pipelines? Has this had any impact on appetite for M&A, particularly if there is a component that involves either the continent or the UK?

Question_19:
Great. Thank you for that.
And then one more on credit here -- so it seems as though we had 30-day delinquency rate actually go down quarter over quarter. So it seems like maybe -- in the Card, sorry, business. So it seems like maybe it's a cure rate issue. Is that the right assumption? And then, could you give maybe a little color on how much the non-prime growth has been -- has driven in recent vintages versus prior?

Question_20:
Hi, Marianne. I'm not sure if this is too early, but when you think about expenses longer term beyond this year, if you think about 2017, if we find ourselves in a similar revenue environment next year, when you wrap in your cost save objectives and where you want to be on investment spend, do you think you'll be shooting for expenses to be kind of in the same range of that $56 billion next year, if things don't change on the revenue front?

Question_21:
Sure. Just more near term, you talked at a recent conference about the tax rate going forward. Just with the kind of issues you had this quarter with the tax rate, looking at 39%, you said it would 36%. What should we think about going forward? Is it like in that 36%?

Question_22:
Hi. Good morning.

Question_23:
Marianne, I had a question on the outlook. You reaffirmed the fee income guidance of $50 billion, plus or minus, for the full year. I'm trying to gauge, just given the tough start to the year in trading in 1Q, the subdued second-half M&A commentary, and second-half trading seasonality that we would typically expect, the $50 billion target does appear somewhat ambitious. I didn't know if you felt like that was a fair assessment, or just given what you're seeing across the businesses, that the $50 billion is still ready achievable?

Question_24:
Thanks, Marianne. One more for me on CCAR -- given that you've had some time to digest the latest set of results, the improvement in PNR was probably the most impressive aspect of the release, at least based on our own findings. From what you can gather, based on your own internal assessment, what were the primary drivers of the increase where maybe we have some limited visibility, such as areas like op risk? And does a favorable CCAR outcome inform your view in terms of which constraint is currently most binding and maybe how you might change your deployment tact across the different businesses?

Question_25:
A quick question on the mortgage originations -- the correspondent channel didn't change all that much quarter on quarter, although I would have thought with seasonality and a pick-up in refis, that would have increased in the second quarter. Could you talk about how you're thinking about correspondent mortgage originations? And given that refi volume looks strong at the start of the third quarter, should we expect a pick-up in correspondent in the third quarter?

Question_26:
Okay. And I know you can't really discuss too much on the legal side, but is there a right way to think about legal expenses going forward, like an ordinary cost of doing business for a bank your size? Is it 1% of revenues as kind of an ongoing run rate for expected legal expenses going forward, or is there not the right way to think about it and it's just episodic?

Question_27:
Thanks. Good morning.
Marianne, I was wondering just if you could -- I know it's a little backward-looking now and you've made your points already about what normal trading seasonality could be, but could you help us understand the products that drove the really strong [FIC trading] and kind of what happened in June? Was it volumes? Was it spreads widening? And then I guess I would actually ask what you typically consider what normal JPMorgan seasonality is, as you mentioned?

Question_28:
Understood, okay.
The second question just is -- on the wholesale reserve, you mentioned -- it's been nice to see the energy prices start to stabilize, and it seems like you're able to stabilize the amount of reserve build outstanding, aside from that one credit. What needs to happen for you to get even more comfortable, where you could see some of that reserve start to come out, underneath the context of that you're also growing the wholesale business extremely fast as well?

Question_29:
Hi, Marianne. Thank you.
Marianne, can you give us some color -- obviously your consumer loan growth has picked up quite nicely. You pointed to, it's going to be at the higher end of the range for the year. What are you guys seeing on consumer behavior? Has it improved and they feel stronger about their own job prospects, which is enabling them to borrow more? Are there any metrics that you guys are looking at from that end?

Question_30:
I see. And coming back to credit, obviously your first-quarter results had the results of the targeted shared national credit exam for oil. Traditionally obviously we have the shared national credit exam every year. Second-quarter results normally reflect that exam.
Do your second-quarter results reflect the shared national credit exam? Or is that going to -- ?

Question_31:
Great, thanks. Marianne, just a couple of quick follow-ups on the auto lending business -- the originations came down a bit. And you talked about the dynamics around that previously in the quarter and at the Investor Day.
When I poll auto lender or auto dealers, they say that where they had primarily seen you retreat was from very high FICO, sort of super-prime new lending and leasing, but that their experience with Chase remained very consistent in the mid-FICO range. I just wanted to see if that was consistent with your view internally?

Question_32:
Okay. Just one follow-up on auto credit -- obviously the Manheim issue points to perhaps some rising severity, given default. But at this stage, is there anything that suggests to you that we should see a higher frequency of default?

Question_33:
Yes, thank you very much. One of the things about what we saw as mortgage rates -- I mean, the 10-year dropping down to record levels and mortgage rates probably following right behind it -- can you give us a little outlook? Are you seeing an uptick in refi's? We've seen the refi indexes go up very high. Any outlook on where you think the mortgage market's going to be in the next quarter or two?

Question_34:
And the other follow-up question is -- there's some news articles out there about JPMorgan securitizing conforming loans. This hasn't really been done a lot by anybody. I don't know if you can address that, the economics behind that, or what's the thought behind that, instead of getting Fannie and Freddie wraps, you're securitizing them yourself?

Question_35:
Thank you. Most of my questions actually have been answered. Just a quick follow-up on the credit card originations in terms of dipping down to the lower prime or below. You said something like 20% to 30% had FICO scores below 700. I didn't know if that was for new originations or for the portfolio overall that you were referring to.

Question_36:
Thanks. Wanted to ask you a little bit about the focus everybody has on the flattening of the Treasury curve, but yet earlier you were able to say that going into next year you would see 2016 NII growth of $2 billion to $2.5 billion, only really fall to $1.5 billion to $2 billion, which means that flattening of the yield curve is very manageable. Just talk about asset yields as your earning asset yield actually went up 1 basis point -- what you've been able to see in the market versus what's happening in the Treasury curve.

Question_37:
In this particular quarter, your funding costs went up. Is that a lag effect from what the rate hike in December still just now coming through, or was there something else maybe more unusual about the funding cost that we saw that drove the margin down this particular quarter?

Question_38:
Hi, again. Just a follow-up on the Card new originations -- I know one of the key things that you've done for many years is to focus on relationship lending, relationship offerings. And so when I hear that 20% of the new originations are below a FICO of 700, is that a shift from the relationship strategy that you have or does it reflect the fact that you do have significant relationships on deposits, et cetera, with folks in that FICO band?

Question_39:
Thank you. As a follow-up, Marianne, your consumer business obviously has been very, very strong. Can you share with us the update on clearXchange? It's expected to be rolled out later this year, and what that might do to even grow the mobile business even more than it's growing now?

