Answer_1:
So I think there's three or four things to mention. The first is that I would say that the industry generally had a pretty weak third quarter last year. And so when you think about the year-over-year comparison we are a little flattered by last year's performance.
Not necessarily more so than our peers, but nevertheless we are. Then we talked about the fact that this quarter the conditions were relatively favorable broadly and compare and contrast that to last year where there were pockets of activity and client flow but there were also pockets where people were really sitting on their hands and not transacting. So I think client flow quite broadly across the environment would characterize the quarter.
In terms of the competitive performance I would say it feels like we did well. Obviously, we're the first to report, apart from Citi this morning. It feels like we did relatively well, so we may have gained some share.
Certainly, hopefully the momentum in terms of the business we've been building and the way we are serving our clients will service in that capacity, not just this quarter but through time. But, obviously, there can be a bit of volatility in the market share space. So we prefer to look at it more through time and we feel pretty good about the performance.

Answer_2:
So I would say we don't specifically target a competitive set. But I will tell you that our balance sheet, we talked about it many times on this call before that we do have the capacity to put our balance sheet and our resources to work for our clients, for our best clients.
And we think about using those resources in the context of overall relationships. So if any period is more leverage constrained and has less access we may have competitive advantage. And certainly we will continue to make those resources available to our clients.

Answer_3:
So I don't know, Glenn, if you recall that we had a bit of discussion about this last quarter and guided to the fact that we would expect to see our loss rates go up slowly, partly because, obviously, at 250-ish basis points I think we could call that pretty low historically. But also because over the course of the last couple of years we have been changing the mix of our originations a bit to the prime, near prime space, still completely within our credit risk appetite and at risk-adjusted margins that are better than the portfolio average.
So we are getting paid for that. So we are doing it within our risk appetite, doing it judiciously. But as a result, as those vintages become a higher percentage of our overall population they will have a gentle upward pressure on the charge-off rate.
So what we are seeing in terms of the delinquency uptick and the charge-offs, gradual increases completely in line with how we underwrote those loans and our expectations. And so as you look forward for us over the course of the next several quarters and we would expect those phenomena to generally continue, again, slowly. We are growing our portfolio, we are going to see the seasoning of those vintages as the mix increases and as they become more seasoned cause us to build a reserve but for the right reasons.

Answer_4:
No, nothing significant, Glenn. No significant changes to our sensitivity.

Answer_5:
So I would say that all of the things that you mentioned, whether it's closed loop network, whether it's our new proprietary products, whether it's our investments in the technology platform and the business in merchant services are all at good returns that ultimately will drive the business to be profitable in the future as it has been in the past. So we haven't given specific guidance for ROE targets for this business but nothing has changed over the medium term for what we think that the performance of the business would be.

Answer_6:
Yes, it's a very competitive business and it's very profitable. So all other things being equal, we would like to continue to gain share.

Answer_7:
So we haven't given specific cost guidance going out beyond this year at this point. But our objective will remain consistent with those that we stated previously which is we continue to try and become more efficient across our businesses.
As you know, we are at the tail end but not finished on a couple of large expense programs in our largest businesses so that we create capacity to be able to invest in the businesses broadly, whether that's in products, in marketing, in investment, in innovation, all of which we're doing as much as we can as long as we do it well. So it's going to come down to if we think we have investment opportunities that we can execute well that have an appropriate return we would like to keep doing that and in order to have the right to do it we would like to become more and more efficient in our core business operation.
So we haven't actually given guidance. I think I would characterize it as expenses under control creating capacity to invest. But we will decision investments based upon their merits and, obviously, explain them to you in the future at Investor Day, if not another venue.

Answer_8:
So, first of all, I would say that based upon the speech and, obviously, you know that there are still some unanswered questions with respect to specific parts of the proposal which I will come back to, but based upon the speech moving to a baseline minimum standard is more consistent with how we think about our capital management policy. And using the capital stack add-up using, our G-SIB score and our stress drawdown actually you would come out with a capital constraint under CCAR that's pretty much on top of our regulatory capital minimum.
So in that sense because of the offset, because of the lack of balance sheet growth, lack of RWA growth and the curtailment of capital distributions, we've actually ended up in a place where we look to be approximately equally bound based on last year's test by both of those two measures, which is a space we've played in for a while. We've been, as we talked about before, we've been bound by many constraints, somewhat equally over a period of time and striving to operate within that constraint and maximize shareholder value.
I think the things we don't know are, obviously, how funding or liquidity shock will be incorporated. And in any case this is not for the 2017 CCAR cycle, so it's a whole cycle away from now.
So we will be operating in 2017 under the same basic test construct as we have previously. And so I don't think it's a clear and present danger necessarily that we will be able to look at payout ratios that are above the top end of our range. Meanwhile, we are at the top end of our range now.

Answer_9:
Yes, so I would just generally speaking with respect to our rate sensitivity, as I think you know we are most sensitive to the front end of the curve but to IOER and prime. So we do have LIBOR-based assets but also liabilities.
A good example would be commercial loans on the asset side or long-term debt on the liability side. But our notional mismatch is not particularly big. And so as a consequence, the impact of LIBOR curve moves has been not very significant on our P&L, we wouldn't expect it to be.
I will say that the LIBOR moves were one of the features that our rates business had a perspective around. And they got good client flow in and around that trade.
And so it was one of the catalysts, one of many, but one of the catalysts that we point to in terms of the ability for rates to monetize flow as we had a lot of client flow around that conviction. But I wouldn't be able to put a number on it for you.

Answer_10:
I think we, obviously, did get some good inflows, liquidity flows in terms of money market reform into our government fund. But we also have been very focused in our other wholesale businesses on continuing to attract operating deposits.
And so as I look at our overall strong deposit growth I wouldn't say it was equally but it was pretty much equally wholesale operating and retail deposit growth. So we feel good about both of those.

Answer_11:
I might just give for context remind you all, or maybe you recall, that for a number of years now, for a fairly long time we've been standing up at Investor Day and other venues saying that customer experience is the central tenet for how we think about engaging with all of our clients but certainly our retail clients in the branches. And we have been very, very focused on investing in customer experience broadly defined and have made great progress, I think, in doing that.
And also we had talked about the fact that what we are looking for very, very clearly is deep customer relationships, engaged customers. We want to be primary bank. We want to gather deeper share of wallet.
So balance is not necessarily products. And so, again, remember saying that cross-sell is an outcome, it's not an objective. And that certainly is a philosophy with which we have designed our compensation and performance structures for the branches.
We review them regularly, at least annually to make sure that they continue to be aligned with our objectives and, again, objectives about the engaged relationship with customers, good customer experience in the right products, all the right reasons the right way. So as we think about those objectives and how we've designed our plan and as we look inwardly not just, obviously, because of the news now but also regularly in our BAU capacity we feel like our plans are designed to incent those behaviors.

Answer_12:
So I would say, first of all, I would say we, I will tell you, we are on track with respect to the commitments Daniel made to you to deliver over time the $2.8 billion of expense saves. While we are not finished yet we are substantially through that program. So it's moved from being a plan through execution to being in the later stages of execution.
So we feel very good about that, which means that all other things equal that $19 billion is still a reasonable level of expense target. However, obviously we pay for performance. And so clearly if we have significant out-performance next year relative to our expectations at the time of setting those plans, there would be some variable cost associated with it.
But for every dollar of out-performance the variable cost may not always be the same. So, obviously, it also depends upon the mix and payout ratios and all those sorts of things. But a large, large portion of it would be, it would be, obviously, as you know incredibly accretive because we would be leveraging all of our scale, so the only variable cost would really be comp, largely.

Answer_13:
So first of all based upon last year's results for us we are at the floor for the stress capital buffer. Not to suggest, by the way, that we wouldn't continue to want to properly understand and better understand how we can through time make sure that we are performing the best we can under stress within our risk appetite. But we are at that floor right now.
So within those constraints what we are trying to do is be within our risk appetite, manage risk properly but also add shareholder value. We have to carry that capital anyway, so we would want to use it well.

Answer_14:
So for your purposes I'm going to talk about NII. We don't really manage to NIM. But you can, obviously, back into it.
So if we ended up in a situation right now where rates were flat throughout all of 2017 which for what it's worth I don't think is pretty much anyone's central expectation right now, but if we were rate flat you've seen us grow our core loans and our loan balances pretty strongly, pretty consistently across businesses. And while we may not be able to replicate our 15% core loan growth forever, certainly we can continue to grow our loans.
So on that plus mix shift away from securities over time we should be able to deliver $1.5 billion of incremental NII next year rate flat. You know that if rates are -- if we are fortunate enough for the right reasons that we see a hike this year, at the end of this year and get the full benefit of that next year, it will be higher than that. And you've seen our earnings and risk disclosures, they've been pretty close to a $3 billion number on a 100 basis point move for a while, most of which is front end.

Answer_15:
So look, we are aware, obviously, of the riskier types of CRE lending, the types of lending that attract scrutiny for reasonable reasons considering how they've performed in past cycles. We are also mindful of where we are in the cycle and take that into consideration in our underwriting.
So we have and continue to avoid what I would characterize as the riskier segments and those segments that performed poorly in previous cycles. And we really stick to our knitting, if that's an American expression, in terms of continuing to do what we are good at within our risk appetite.
And so if you think about our commercial real estate growth, Commercial Term Lending is about three-quarters of our portfolio. And you know that we are very focused on smaller loan size, term B -- sorry, class B, class C properties with low vacancy rates. So rent stabilized, supply constrained markets, underwrite to low LTVs, good debt service coverage.
We look at forward rates and current rents. And so we really have an expertise in a specific niche and we compete on speed and certainty of execution, not on credit and structure.
So we feel pretty good about our exposures and even in our more traditional real estate banking space we have avoided the riskier segments with limited construction lending exposure, homebuilders minimal exposure. We are pretty disciplined about it.

Answer_16:
So we are a primarily prime lender in Auto. We are the number one prime lender.
We actually have the lowest share in subprime among the national banks. So it is less than 5% of our origination. So I wouldn't speak specifically to underwriting in the lower FICO sectors, not where we play at this point.

Answer_17:
So not that I would comment on except for we have recently decided to pull back on 84-month plus term loans on all FICO bands, just as where we are in the cycle as we see the risks of that type of lending. So we continue to calibrate our underwriting. But I wouldn't comment on seeing anything specifically.

Answer_18:
Auto?

We've built $25 million of reserves this quarter for Auto and we expect to continue. We think the Auto opportunity is still strong and we have a great franchise.
We have great manufacturing partnerships that are growing strongly, too. So as we grow that portfolio I would expect us to continue to grow reserves modestly in 2017. However, we are expecting charge-offs to stay under control.

Answer_19:
Yes, so you are right. And, obviously, even specifically for JPMorgan if you look at our stress results that [handicapped] by the Fed over the course of the last three years has been reasonable volatility. And clearly it's not the case that we will expect it to be completely stable.
I would not expect to see the same levels of volatility going forward as we've seen historically as the test has, as you know, over time occasionally included new not insignificant features. And while that may continue to be the case I would think that there would be a bit more stability. But we haven't actually gone through and finalized our thinking about what the buffers would look like.

Answer_20:
Yes, before I talk about the prioritization of capital distributions I would just start by saying our capital management policies prior to this year's CCAR and this year's resolution had us making those actions regardless of whether they were allowed to be reflected in a test. And, obviously, as part of the resolution planning we have revised our policies to include more granular triggers.
So our policies do with some specificity run pretty granularly through time through a stress speak to the sorts of actions that we would be leaning into and taking, even if they don't get reflected in the test.
With respect to the prioritization, look, the soft cap on dividends has been lifted. Dividends are ultimately still a part of the baseline minimum standard, so there will be possibly some natural constraint there. It hasn't changed, at this point anyway, the Board's determination or management's determination about the order of priority.
We would like to continue to have the capacity to grow our dividend. And I think even though there may be some natural constraints I think it would be above 30.

Answer_21:
So we are very focused across the spectrum of our businesses on developing better digital capabilities to allow seamless engagement with customers and acquisition through digital channels. There are complexities associated with documentation and standards for know your customer and anti-money laundering that we're continuing to work through. But ultimately it should be achievable, and we are working on it.
So one of the things that we have previously mentioned is that the majority of our Consumer accounts are opened in branches. One of the reasons among others why branches are [still] important to us as well as advice centers. And we will continue to work on trying to see how far and how fast we can move people to be able to have a better digital experience opening accounts with us.

Answer_22:
Well, I will just start by pointing out that all of the businesses, all of our businesses, not just the ones that I talked about at the high level, not just macro spreads equities, but even if you go a level below that quite granular, all of our businesses did really quite well this quarter. So not to overuse the phrase firing on all cylinders but it really was pretty consistent. And normally you might see pockets of more strength and less strength.
So I think it would be hard to imagine replicating this kind of strength through time consistently. But the fourth quarter is seasonally low and we have no reason to expect that it would not be.

Answer_23:
So there isn't a whole lot of really clear new news. So as we think about all of the -- FRTB we've talked about before, modest and manageable, nothing about that has changed for us. But, obviously, there's the advanced and standardized credit operational proposals out there.
The most important thing that we've yet to really, and there are pluses and minuses in it and different for us than others maybe. But the one thing that we haven't really heard about yet, Betsy, is how it will all be calibrated and calibration will be very important.
So we are expecting to hear over the course of the next short while, and maybe that will be delayed some just given some of the discussion. And we will update you when we hear a bit more about how it's all going to come together. But right now it's still a little unclear.

