Answer_1:

          Yes. So hey, Ken, you guys have a busy day today. So I would say that, the first quarter is always a quarter in which we have a bunch of different factors. And most notably, you also have day count issues in the first quarter. So I can go through that, but I would say most of the benefit which we expect to be up modestly will be driven by the rate increase, with growth being offset by day count. That's sort of fundamentally how to think about it. 
It's probably more instructive to think about the full year. And so, if you recall back to the third quarter, just to kind of reorient everyone, at that point when we didn't have the December hike, we said rates flat. So on growth alone, we would expect NII for the full year to be up about $1.5 billion. Obviously, we have had the 25 basis point hike in December. And based upon that alone, so now the new rate flat, that $1.5 billion would be about $3 billion, a little over $3 billon. So for the full year, we're expecting on the December hike alone, that it would be about half volume, and about half rate. 

Answer_2:

          Yes. So I think the way to think about it, and again, I think we talked a little bit about it last quarter, and you maybe see it in the fourth quarter. So we've been growing our loans in the -- we said it was going to be a 10% to15%. We revised that, to be at the top end of that range. So we've been growing at around 15% core loan growth, the fourth quarter was 12%. So I wouldn't call it a deceleration per se, but it is a little bit lower. So I think going into 2017, our expectation is that we would continue to grow loans strongly, but possibly at the lower end of that range, rather than the higher. And of course, to a degree, it will depend upon our mortgage portfolio, but we intend to continue to add to that too. So sitting here today, I'd say more high single 10% plus or minus, and we'll give you more updates at Investor Day. 

Answer_3:

          Good morning. 

Answer_4:

          So just taking the two things separately, Betsy, I would say the NII, up 5% is dropping to the bottom line. But as we, you saw all of our underlying drivers, across all of the businesses and volumes, transactions, everything is growing very strongly. And although we still have some work to do to finish the large expense programs, we're near the end of that. So just generally speaking, we're continuing to invest in the businesses, and we'll see the improvement in our expenses flatten out, and start to grow with volumes. And that would also support growth in non-interest revenue, outside obviously of the card phenomenon we talked to you about. 

Answer_5:

          Sorry, carry on. 


          Right. So when we think about our investment securities portfolio, we think about it as responding to structural changes in our balance sheet, which predominantly is driven by loans and deposits. And it's always important I think, to remember, because we focus a lot on structural interest rate risk, but it also is liquidity and liquidity risk. In this quarter, there was a combination of things. You saw that we grew deposits more strongly than loans this quarter, so we had some excess cash, as well as the fact that rates rose. 
So two things happened in our investment securities portfolio, mortgages extended, and we did add to duration. But we have a very disciplined risk management framework that's based -- that's been consistent through time, based on our expectations of normal rates in the future, and we just executed on that strategy. 

Answer_6:

          Yes, we added to duration, in accordance with our framework. 

Answer_7:

          Great. So obviously, the Sapphire Reserve card is still quite young, or still quite new. But relative to our modeled expectations even at the intro promo premium, things are coming in, in line or better than our expectations. Now obviously, we need to continue to [back test] that [three] times. But we're very encouraged by, not only the excitement in our customer base, but also the way that the trends are performing in terms of spend and engagement. But when we introduce a new product, we intentionally introduce a very exciting premium promo, and it's intended to generate excitement. And I think you would agree it did. So we're delighted with the response that we've had. 
And we've actually kept it up for longer than we initially expected, but it's normal for us to come down from those intro rates, as the product becomes more mature, and that's what we are doing. But to be very clear about our expectations of the performance of the card, even at 100,000 points, we still expected the card to be a strong return and very accretive. So obviously, at a lower premium, it would be more so. But one last thing I would say, is everybody gets very interested the up front points. It's our opinion that the real value to consumers of that card happens over time with their spend behavior, and to take the points down from 100,000 to 50,000 has less than a 10% reduction in the overall value through the lifetime of an engaged customer on average. 

Answer_8:

          So the charge-offs came in for the year at 2.63%, which is in line with the guidance that we gave, I think in November that Kevin Watters gave. He's given guidance for 2017, as we continue to see the newer vintages seasoned, are 2.75% plus or minus. And that's still our expectation, so the newer vintages are performing in line with our expectations. 

Answer_9:

          Yes. So I'll give you a couple of things, and hopefully that will help. So I think a year or so ago, we talked about the fact that -- I'm going to now talk about cost of controls more broadly than just regulatory, that the cost of controls had increased for the Company by about $3 billion over several years. But that we expected they would peak and start bending down, and that is indeed what we have been seeing. Now I'm not saying that bend down is a sharp bend, as we continue to be held to very sort of hard compliance burdens. But nevertheless, we are seeing some efficiencies as we mature our processes and automate them. 
Offsetting against that, and one of the reasons why it may be less obvious, is that we've continued to increase our spend in cyber security, as we want to protect the bank and the customer's data. So naturally, that is happening. We are not going to continue at this point, carving out the costs of regulatory or control because that is our operating model, it's our new normal. And until we understand whether or not the forward-looking landscape is changed, we won't be able to give you any kind of idea about how and when that will impact our expenses. But we will continue to be more and more efficient. 
And certainly, if we are able to take a step back, and look at the rules and regulations, and the way that they are being implemented, and make rational changes to it, if that is something that is -- allows us to become more efficient, then we will certainly do that, and keep you informed. 

Answer_10:

          So I think in the conference in November, Kevin Watters said that as we look at the new products, and we look at them growing, coming out in 2016 and into 2017, we would expect the card revenue rate for the year next year to be about 10.5%, after which as the cards and the accounts season and drive revenue growth, we should see that continue to trend back up to a level in the past. 

Answer_11:

          Yes. 

Answer_12:

          Yes. 

Answer_13:

          I mean, I think that it's actual detail of retail spend, auto sales, house prices, household formation, confidence numbers. So I'm not basing it on the market, I'm just basing it --  if you look at a broad range of things, it looks like growth may have gotten a little bit better in the fourth quarter. Plus if you take a walk around the world, Japan is doing a little better, Europe is doing better. In fact, one of the IMF [or someone else] came out yesterday, and [said] the global growth is going to tick up next year. So it's just those factors. 

Answer_14:

          We're not going to change our plans very much, because we don't really react that much to the weather, because we grow to add bankers and stuff. You know you have to do it through a cycle. I do think of it as some regulatory relief. You will see banks be more aggressive and growing, opening branches in new cities, adding to loan portfolios, seeking out clients they don't have. So I'm hoping to see a little bit of that too, but that will wait for regulatory relief. 

Answer_15:

          Well, I'm saying we don't react to the small change in the economy to how we grow and expand our business. But I just that it looks to us, if you look across the broad spectrum, capital expenditures, business confidence, consumer confidence, household building, household formation, wage income, wages going up, unemployment going down, auto sales going up, retail sales going up, it looks like it's getting stronger, not weaker. That's what it looks like to me. That's just my own personal belief. 


          And maybe just if we give you a bit of insight into the philosophy about how we do our investment and expense budgeting. When we talk to our businesses, regardless to Jamie's point about necessarily whether the external factors are moving, the question is, what do we want to do in terms of products and services and technology and bankers and offices that we can execute on well and responsibly? And that is typically what defines us, not our appetite to invest the dollars. 
So I think we've told you pretty consistently that, and you've seen it. We added 130 net new bankers, we opened eight offices in the commercial bank. We're investing in technology very, very broadly, payments, digital across the Company. So I would say that, we don't feel like we've been held back in terms of our appetite to invest, because of concern around the economy. And in the same way, a more confident outlook in the economy won't step change that. But we will continue to look for great investments everywhere we can and make them. 

Answer_16:

          So I would say, just if we separate the two, and just talk for one second about banking. The fundamentals for a solid M&A year are there, and obviously there will be puts and takes depending on what happens in the policy and reforms space. But we're optimistic about a solid M&A market, but with the continuing trend of fewer mega deals, but nevertheless good flow. At ECM, looks set to be quite active, and the IPO market continuing to recover, and debt capital markets have a solid pipeline in terms of the refinance arena, but having said that, interest rates may have an impact. So I think pretty solid pipeline coming into the year, but lots of factors will ultimately affect the full year. 
With respect to trading, Jamie said, that we don't look at the first couple of weeks, but so far, so good. And what I would tell you is, we said this before, we're a client flow oriented business. And there will be a lot of micro and event-driven activity, and as long as it's not discontinuous, we should be able to intermediate transactions with our clients. And so far, generally there's been more risk appetite in the investor space, but that can change very quickly as we saw in previous quarters. So we will be there to support our clients. And if they are active, everything should be good, but it can change quickly. 

Answer_17:

          So just reminding you about our sort of philosophy on comp to revenue, we pay -- or our comp to revenue is just a calculation, obviously we pay for shareholder value-added. So you need to take into consideration the fact that we've had overtime increased capital levels and liquidity levels, and that's reflected in a declining overall comp to revenue ratio. I would say that there are three factors to it being lower. 
The first is the strength in performance, and the pay outs aren't linear. And as you have stronger performance, you would expect to see a lower ultimate outcome. But importantly, we were -- some tail winds in the numbers this year included a stronger dollar. So as we pay -- remember comp to revenue isn't just on the front office compensation, it all supports our salaries, benefits and compensation. And we have a large number of people that we pay not in dollars. So that was a bit of a tail wind. Some of that will carry on, but maybe not at the same level. And we also just did our normal regular hygiene and productivity, in terms of the -- how we think about the workforce and pay. At the end of the day, we pay for performance, we pay, we think very competitively, to retain the best team on the street, and make sure that our shareholders are getting a fair share of any outperformance. 

Answer_18:

          Simplifying the securitization rules, because we've done some securitizations. We think they're excellent, but that would open up the market a little bit, clarifying the Safe Harbors on certain types of underwriting. For example, it's very hard and risky for a bank to make a loan to first time buyers, former bankruptcies, even though it could be very good people with brand new jobs, self-employed, it's hard to necessarily do all of the income verification, stuff like that. Simplifying servicing, the services standards now have, I think nationwide, we have 3,000 different standards. It's very costly. 
It's very expensive. It's kind of risky. If you make a mistake, the punishment is pretty high. And all those things, that should be done for the good of the United States of America, not for the good of JPMorgan Chase. And so, I do think it's too tight and there's one thing, that if you get around too quickly, it will help the housing market a little bit, it will help the housing formation, it will reduce the cost of mortgages, and make it available to more people. 

Answer_19:

          Hi, Glenn. 

Answer_20:

          So starting off with sort of interest rates. And obviously, we've talked for an extended period of time about the fact we've positioned the Company to benefit when rates rise, we built the branches, we acquired the accounts, we've built the technology and the services. So we've been growing our deposits very strongly, and we're going to enjoy the benefits of that. With respect to how much will go to the bottom line, we have been we think appropriately conservative, when we've given you guidance about ultimately how much incremental NII we would expect in a more normal rate environment. 
I mean, if you go back to Investor Days of past, you would see that we said when normalized, we would expect $10 billion-plus, and embedded in that are assumptions obviously around rate paid. We think that rate paid will be higher this time in this cycle, than in previous cycles for a bunch of reasons including as you said, competition for high quality liquidity balances. But also that we are coming off of zero rates and the improvement in technology. So we've been, we think appropriately conservative, but we'll find out in the fullness of time. 
So far two rate hikes, absolute rates at 50 basis points, it's too early. And so far, you would expect there to be (inaudible) in there, and it's not linear, and everything is behaving quite rationally right now. So we, in fact, if anything a little better than we had modeled. So we'll keep watching it, and we think we've been thoughtful. We don't know the right answer, and we'll keep you updated as we see how things progress. 


          And just on the tax side, so other people understand, generally, yes, if you reduce the tax rates all things being equal to 20% of something, eventually that increased return will be competed away. That is a good thing. Okay, so it's not a good thing for JPMorgan Chase per se, but it's a good thing for the world, it's a good thing for growth. And a lot of studies actually show the beneficiary of that is wages. And so, it's important for people to understand that good tax policy is good for growth and the country in general. It's not just good for companies, it will eventually be competed away. 

Answer_21:

          Listen, you aren't going to really know for probably nine months to a year exactly what it is, so I wouldn't worry too much about it. And I also, just remember the most efficient companies do benefit from things like this, more than others. 

Answer_22:

          I think if you look at -- I mean, again, there's a lot of wood to be chopped and sausage to be made before tax reform gets done. And some of these things are brand new, they've never been talked about or done before, so you can read a lot of studies in the next six months. Obviously, interest deductibility, for banks, from a net interest income, so it doesn't directly change how you look at it. For everybody else, it affects complete industries differently. How you leverage differently, and utilities will be in a different position, and unleveraged companies. And plus, I think people will be able to convert what would have been interest expense to some other kind of expense. So let the work get done, before we spend too much time guessing about it. 


          I also think that while interest deductibility is one point, the repatriation of cash is another point. And there are puts and takes, and you have to think, you have to see the whole package, before you can see what the net impact is. But ultimately if these things get done rationally and grow the economy, then it's good for our franchise just broadly. So don't focus on DCM, focus on the whole thing. And I think when you get the whole package, if it's done well which we hope will happen, then it will be good for the economy, good for our clients, and good for our whole franchise. 

Answer_23:

          Yes, okay. So yes, Matt, it does include the benefit of higher long end rates. And if you get the Q, and get our disclosure on net income risk, and do some math, you'll get pretty close to numbers that looks similar to that $1.5 billion or more. And then, with respect to rate sensitivity from here, clearly it's not linear. So you can see, if we just look at the third quarter, the first 100 basis points -- this is an illustration of $2.8 billion, 200 basis points is $4.5 billion. So as we clip away, 25 basis points a time, our $2.8 billion will start to come down. And so, that's broadly the outlook. 


          And the next 10-Q will show the next -- (multiple speakers). 


          And the next 10-Q will show the next. 


          But obviously, it's less and less as rates go up. It's not linear. 


          Unless we actively change the ratio, which we may also do at one point. 

Answer_24:

          Yes. So I mean, what you saw happen in 2016 was not only obviously a rotation from securities and deploying deposits into loans, but also we took a very large amount of non-operating deposits out of the balance sheet in 2016. So that is having an impact. But we would expect to continue to grow our loans, to grow our deposits strongly to manage the overall balance sheet through our investment securities portfolio. And from here, if everything continues to be as the market implies, we should see margin expansion. 

Answer_25:

          Good morning. 

Answer_26:

          Yes. So answer is across the metals and mining and energy, we have a little over $1.5 billion of reserves. I mean, there is a normal level of reserves that we will have, that would be a large chunk of that. And as you saw in 2016, we did take charge-offs of a little less than $300 million. So we will continue to likely see on a name specific basis, as people work through their business models, that there will be more charge-offs. But ultimately, if energy stays stable or improves, and of course, we have to see that be somewhat sustained, and find its way flowing through the financial statements of our clients. Then as we upgrade them, God willing, then we will see more reserve releases. But it's going to take some time.  
We'll start to see some of that -- and think about the large reserves we took. We took them at the tail end of 2015 and into 2016, we'll start to see new financial data from our clients. We'll start to do the borrowing base redeterminations, and look at the impact of prices on reserves in the spring. And so, we'll start getting some data this year, and so we may see some more releases, but it's going to come through over time. 

Answer_27:

          Yes, I mean, I would say that when I talk about the overall core loan growth going down, still being strong, it does reflect the fact that we've been seeing very strong outperformance in our growth over the course of the last couple of years, particularly in commercial term lending. And while we continue to believe there's great opportunities there, they will be lower. So we've been printing in the teens pretty consistently, and I would say, it will be less red hot, and maybe more in the high single-digits, but we're going to keep you updated. 


          There's still plenty of opportunity. 

Answer_28:

          Well, I don't know that I would ever try to decide what moment in time, is the pinnacle. But I would say, you saw us invest heavily in the business in 2015 and 2016 across a number of different fronts. You saw us proactively renegotiating the card program deals for the vast majority of our portfolio, and investing very heavily in exciting new products. And in both cases, while it has had an impact on our revenues, in one case in the short-term, and another case more structurally, in both cases these are still very attractive returns. And so, card is still a very attractive ROE business, very important to our customers. We are after deep engaged relationships through time with them. And so, we are going to continue to invest in growth. 

Answer_29:

          At this point, yes. 

Answer_30:

          We did try to actually analyze it, because we got asked a lot about what was secular. So you could break apart your exotic derivatives, certain types of CDOs. Of course, across the whole spectrum, there are things that disappeared and won't be done no more, for better or worse. In some cases, by the way, like a CDOs it didn't go away, because the person is still a credit buyer. So they just went to another product, but that was our best estimate. I don't want to over do it or anything like that. 
I also said that the actual market making requirements are going to be going up over time, I'm talking about over 20 years, I'm not talking about the next quarter or next month. And remember, we don't run the business next quarter, next month, because assets under management are going up, and needs of corporations are going up. The fixed income mortgage is going to go up, the needs for FX is going up, the needs for hedging is going up. So over time, we know there's going to be a cyclical increase. And we just try to estimate how much of the [downturn] is cyclical, and so, there will be a flip side of that. And I think you might have gotten to the end of the secular, end of cyclical decline. 

Answer_31:

          So I will obviously, give you a lot more detail about all of this at Investor Day, but really quick, because I knew the $19 billion would get some excitement. If you go back, and talk to yourself to look at the specifics on the slide, you should see that the $19 billion that he guided to did have some assumptions about some legal costs in there. The CIB didn't have legal costs in the year. And as a result, it's still a little higher on an apples-to-apples basis than that would imply. Additionally, I talked about the tail winds in terms of a stronger dollar. 
Now for full disclosure we have intentionally reinvested some of that, but it was a tail wind that meant that apples-to-apples, it would still be a little higher. I'd tell you that compared to the targets that they set, we still have a few hundred million dollars to deliver on, and Daniel will go through that at Investor Day. 

Answer_32:

          Okay, so just to talk about rate trading for a second. You're right, that it was a part of the strength story in the fourth quarter this year. It was also a strong fourth quarter last year, which is pretty much the only reason why we didn't call it out as a bigger driver of the year-over-year growth, but it was a strong performance in the quarter. And we would expect that to continue. It's much more interesting to -- for our clients to trade around a moving yield curve and rates above zero. So as we see rates normalize, we would fully expect that to be ultimately a beneficiary to the franchise in terms of clients trading, and positioning, and hedging around that over time. And so, [wonderful] if that would be the case. 
In terms of the excitement and the enthusiasm of our businesses, lending versus we're enthusiastic about all of our businesses, and would want to defend share and grow them all. I mean, the reality of the CIB revenue performance in markets, and in general, it was very strong in 2016. So we will try our hardest to replicate that. But it will be a challenging comparison, but we're proud of it. So we gained share competitively over the course of the last couple years, and so I don't think you should necessarily expect that we can continue to gain share at that pace; but defend it we will. 

Answer_33:

          I think the better way to look at CIB lending, is it's kind of episodic, and goes in and out. Corporations, a lot of corporations don't need to borrow, and when they do, it may be inconsistent. It might be because of M&A or something like that. Our [bridge] book will always be driven by certain types of activity, so the loan book isn't something -- the CIB loan book isn't something you're going to say, that you're growing. That is more serving clients in the way they need. 
One of the things I just want to point out which is, of course, all of our businesses, but just take trading in particular is, we're always creating efficiencies. Part of what we're investing is big data, is [trade] through processing, electronic exchanges, online services. I think 97% of FX -- I think it's 50% to 60% of US interest rate swaps, all these things have become electronic and digitized, as trade through for clients. So that's where some of the investments are going. And you're going to see more of that not less, but it also creates another round of efficiencies every time we do that. 

Answer_34:

          Good morning. How are you? 

Answer_35:

          Yes, so we talked before about -- we had in certain markets already pulled back, not necessarily because we had a crystal ball, but because we saw them getting soft before the energy decline. Dallas and Houston would be examples, parts of Brooklyn would be examples of that. I would say, watching more carefully -- you've seen us, we have that there is some supply coming through in markets, Seattle, Denver, D.C., San Francisco. We're still very active there, but just keeping an eye on those markets. But the supply pipeline, while it's real does not look like it did when we saw the real pressure on the term lending business, the real estate business back in the 1980s and 1990s. So we're keeping an eye on it. 

Answer_36:

          (Inaudible) I'll add, we don't want to give you all of our secrets in that business, but we do (inaudible). But we're very disciplined about where we see supply, and supply and demand and pricing, and we would have no problem, not growing at all. We don't sit at meetings here and say, can you grow at 10%, can you grow to [12%]? No, if we can't meet what we think is proper risk return, we're not going to grow at all. We'll shrink. We have no problem doing that. And so, the other thing I want to point out about CTLs, the exceptional performance of the CTLs through the last Great Recession. I mean, we were really pleased with how that happened. So we try to look at all these things through the cycle, not just what are they doing in good times. 

Answer_37:

          We don't disclose that. 


          Thank you. 

Answer_38:

          So, there's a couple different things. First of all, we, about a little more than half of our originations are jumbo. We retain all of those. And then, when you look at the conforming space, it's really, honestly, consistently the best execution decision. And so in particularly in this quarter, it speaks a bit more to our correspondent conforming volume, it's the lowest margin product. And it does somewhat frequently toggle backwards and forwards in terms of better execution, whether we would retain or sell it. 
But we intend to keep adding to our portfolio, we like the mortgage asset classes. Even those spreads have compressed in the fourth quarter, OAS and ROEs are holding up. And so, I would expect us to continue to grow it strongly. And from quarter to quarter, it may go up or down a few percent, but over a year, we'll continue to add to the portfolio. 

Answer_39:

          No. 

Answer_40:

          I think there was a little bit of that in the fourth quarter, particularly around actively managed product. I think you're accurate. But we haven't seen everybody else yet, but I think you will be true, when we see everybody. 

Answer_41:

          That's a really hard question to answer. I'd have to think about that a little bit. 

Answer_42:

          I think that -- I mean, everything is going to end up being reasonably named specific, so I mean, that may be true in some cases. But for some companies in industries, where deregulation and that would be more helpful. But generally as I said the trend is towards lower -- I'm sorry, less mega deals, more flow, and the fundamentals are in pretty good shape, and then there will possibly be tail winds, in terms of tax reform and other things. So I think net-net, we think the underlying flow in the M&A market, and the fundamentals are set to have a pretty positive year. 

Answer_43:

          We'll see. No more questions, operator? 

