Answer_1:

          So in the retail space, the answer is no, not really. And to be completely honest, we've been pretty consistent that we would not really have expected there to be much in terms of deposit reprice at absolute levels of rates that are still quite low. And so with IOER at 100 basis points, we're still in that sort of realm of the atmosphere, and so we would expect that to start happening a couple of rate hikes from here maybe. We'll have to wait and see. We've obviously never really been through exactly this before. On the other side of the equation, in the Wholesale space, we are in the process of seeing a reprice happen.

Answer_2:

          No.

Answer_3:

          Yes, so I don't have all those numbers directly in front of me. I know that in the Commercial Bank, our exposure to mortgage is really pretty modest, it's around about a total of $3 billion in the commercial real estate space. And I would tell you that while there obviously is a lot of discussion around retail, and with some merit, it's very case-by-case, location-by-location-specific. And I kind of liken the discussions a lot to discussions we have around our bricks-and-mortar banking businesses, which is consumer -- the way consumers engage with retail isn't changing, it doesn't mean they will stop engaging with retailers. And so it will be very specific with respect to location and tenants. And it doesn't necessarily mean that retail is going to be in as much potential trouble as I think people are talking about. So we remain cautiously watching it but also cautiously optimistic that it's not -- that it's a bit overblown.


          And you should assume that we've looked at not just direct retail or retail-related real estate, and all the vendors to any potentially covered retailers. When you put it all together, it's a little bit like there'll be something there, but it's nothing that will be dramatic when it's happening.

Answer_4:

          Are you talking about real estate related to retail? Or are you talking about retailers?

Answer_5:

          No, you're way out of line. I mean, direct retail exposure, we're very careful. The retail business has always been violent and volatile. You can look back through our history, and half of them are gone after 10 years. That's the normal course. So we're usually senior, we're very careful with stuff like that. And then you go to real estate, okay, most of our real estate has nothing to do with retail. So we do have some shopping centers and malls and buildings and stuff like that. But those are generally high on the stack, well-secured and not relying on single retailers, et cetera.

Answer_6:

          It will be like oil and gas for us, it won't be a big deal.

Answer_7:

          Yes. So look, I know that -- so one of the things that we want to remind everybody before we talk about the trend is that the credit card losses are still at absolutely very, very low levels. And notwithstanding whatever we would have done or have done or continue to do with our credit books, we would ultimately have expected them to normalize to higher rates regardless, so -- and then for -- obviously, the first quarter hasn't been that...


          It's probably just the previous cycle stuff.


          Yes, exactly. And obviously, first quarter has some seasonality. So I would just start by saying that the charge-off rates we're seeing are completely in line with our expectations and guidance that we gave you at Investor Day both in terms of 2017 being below 3% and over the medium term being between 3% and 3.25% for all of the reasons we articulated. A combination of positive credit expansion that took place over the last couple of years and the performance of those newer vintages is in line with our expectations and with high risk-adjusted margins. So it's not really about tolerating the charge-offs as long as we're getting paid properly for the risk, which is the case. And obviously, as we see those charge-off rates both normalize and reflect those newer vintages, they will go up modestly over time. And we expanded our credit in a targeted way, but it wasn't a significant expansion. And we will respond in our credit and risk appetite to whatever we're seeing in the environment. But it won't necessarily be predicated by charge-offs rates as long as (inaudible).

Answer_8:

          So I would say if you look back over 2016 and even 2015 and '16, it's true and clear that we gained share, not just in fixed income -- reasonable share not just in fixed income but also in equities. And our business performed well last year. And I would suggest to you that we will defend that share. But the competition is back and healthy. And you can't expect us to continue to gain share at those kinds of levels. We want to defend it, but it's a healthy competitive market right now. So I would say not really.

Answer_9:

          We have a ways to go before we're concerned.

Answer_10:

          For merchant processing, there's a lot of share you can gain. And that's not even close, because you give products and services and a change in technology. And I think we're way, way in credit card when you say, "Well, that's too big for JPMorgan Chase." There is a point where it's going to be a good question, but it's not even remotely close to this one.


          And I would also say that Cards continue to be a  very competitive space. So we will continue to try and provide our customers with significant value and have deep, engaged relationships. But I don't think you're going to see material shifts in share in the short term.


          And we also look strategically at credit card, debit card, online bill pay, P2P as all one big thing to do a great job for the client.

Answer_11:

          Not particularly at this point. I think we're very happy with the performance of the portfolios, with the growth rates we're getting. You saw that our core card loans were up 9% year-on-year. We're getting a lot of NII benefit from that. So I think we're pretty well positioned at this point.

Answer_12:

          Yes, I would say loan growth should be in the mid- to higher single digits.

Answer_13:

          So obviously, when we give you guidance, we give you sort of reasonably rounded numbers. So actually, the impact of current implied is a bit more than $500 million more than it was at Investor Day. But in the law of big numbers, that's a pretty reasonable amount. Yes, there is an element, of course, as we talked about, in the Wholesale space, where we are seeing reprice happen, and it does reflect our estimates of what we expect to see over the course of the year in cumulative deposit bases. And with respect to if there was -- and you know that the implied has priced in 1.5 more hikes, so it's -- obviously, March is earlier, so longer, there's a little bit more rate benefit. But it's sort of in line with our expectations. And if we had another rate hike, it would likely be later in the year, and ultimately have a relatively modest impact on this year but obviously be important going forward.

Answer_14:

          You should be able to extrapolate those numbers on your own.

Answer_15:

          I think it's important to put that slowdown into context. I mean, we did have 8% growth year-on-year in C&I. We're just saying sequentially, things are a bit quieter, and there's a whole bunch of reasons that could be driving that. And importantly, you mentioned it, when we're in dialogue with our clients, they are optimistic and they are thinking about growing their businesses and hiring, and all of those things are true. And so putting aside those that have access to capital markets for a variety of reasons in newer bank loans, it's completely understandable that optimism would lead actions. And so as to what that lag will look like, we'll wait and see. But fundamentally, a pro-growth series of policies will be constructive to the economy, to our clients, and ultimately, will end up in them hiring, spending, and they already are, and we'll see that translate into loan growth. Whether that's in the second half of this year, we'll see.


          I would just add that I wouldn't overreact to the short term in the loan growth because there are so many things that affect it. When you go through the episodic part, if you look at CIB, I wouldn't look at loan growth at all, because companies have a choice of doing loans and deals and -- or bonds, something like that. Look at credit card looks okay. Mortgage is obviously affected by interest rates. Autos is obviously affected by auto sales. And middle market was okay. It was like it was slow, but it was okay. So I wouldn't overreact to that. And the second thing is you all should expect as a given that when you have a new president and they get going, that the 9 months after the 100 days is going to be a sausage-making period. There will be ups and downs, wins and loss, stuff like that, okay? But it is a pro-growth agenda, tax, infrastructure, regulatory reform. And that is a good thing, all things being equal. And we think that if that took place, it would be helpful to Americans. But to not -- to expect it to be smooth sailing, that would just be silly.

Answer_16:

          It looks fine. And of course, it's episodic.


          Yes. And I would also say that while, of course, people's dialogues include a degree of discussion around regulatory reform and tax reform and the like, it isn't stopping the strategic dialogue and it isn't stopping people from -- or boards from considering strategic deals partly because of what you said, partly because there is a recognition that these things will take some time to ultimately get finalized, and that they don't want to put their strategic agenda on hold. So in some ways, you get both sides of the equation. People aren't going to wait indefinitely to get certainty on issues when there are good strategic deals that can be done, and that's past the dialogue. So not to say it has no impact, but it's still quite healthy.

Answer_17:

          Can I just answer that? Marianne has given you guys some very specific guidance on interest rates. When interest rates got to 0, remember that when it floored, those -- no one expected the first 25 to 50 basis point to necessarily be paid out, because of the cost. Marianne also gave you at Investor Day a very forward-looking view of that, where it kind of normalizes, okay? And it's different for every different type of deposit. For wholesale deposits, commercial credit deposits, company deposits, treasury deposits. They're all different. So it's hard summarize it all. But at one point, you're going to go back to kind of a normalized spread, and in terms of just retail, I would say that's like 3%.


          Maybe a little less than that.


          Maybe a little less.


          And I would also just say, I am glad that you brought up one point because it's something that I'd like -- a point that I'd like to make, which is when people think about the benefit we get from NII on rising rates, there's an element of people making it sound very passive. Yes, you're correct, we did build those branches, we acquired those customers, we built the product, we invested in the customer service to be able to enjoy the industry-leading deposit growth that we're having. But I would also make the -- and so as margins improve, then, we will obviously enjoy the benefit of that. And to your point, we invested to be able to. But I will say that if you -- we look at the performance of our branches every single week, month, individually, put together by market, and the very, very, very vast majority of them, meaning that only a handful do not, are profitable in their own right today at these spreads on a marginal basis. So the branches are doing very well.


          There's another number we give you all that you should look at. We give you what we expect normalized margins and normalized returns to be in Consumer, Card, all these businesses. Those numbers include normalized credit card charge-offs, like the credit card, the number we now use is for in a quarter, something like that, and in retail, going back to normal spreads. That's what those numbers include. And of course, it all bounces around. But we kind of look at them to be priced for normalized results. We don't price for them to be overearning or underearning or to have too much credit or too little. And that's kind of how we run the business.

Answer_18:

          We've built that into every number we've given you. We've always told you the beta and gamma.


          Yes, I can point you to a presentation in May of 2014 where we showed exactly what we expected the complexity of deposit reprice to look like based upon historical moves. So what we have actually seen to date looks incredibly similar in terms of realized reprice. You're absolutely right. I will tell you though that history may not be a precise predictor of the future because we've never really been in this exact position before and other things play into the equation, including the fact that the industry, but us specifically, have significantly invested in other customer service products, items like digital and the like, which will change the dynamic one way or another on reprice. So you're right, historically, 100, 150 basis points should dot [ph] see some movement, we'll see.

Answer_19:

          Yes, but I'd be a little cautious there, too. I mean, we feel great about the deposit growth and the account growth. So you have new accounts that are growing and existing accounts are growing. Remember, there you also -- history -- you've got to be very careful, because if rates were higher, people do different things with their money, like CDs. And then how they view the stock market, that money -- some of that attracts lenders to the market. So we're always conscious of the fact those flows kind of ebb and flow, and history is only somewhat of a guide to that.

Answer_20:

          So I picked that category out precisely because it didn't take legislation and it was very important. And my point isn't about banks versus nonbanks. My point is about the United States of America and what these things did to the availability of credit to a certain class of people. I was very specific, and we actually published a research report in mortgage land, which you can go get, by Mr. Jozoff, that really breaks it out. But because of the cost of servicing delinquent accounts, $2,000 a year, because of the additional cost of origination, because of the potential litigation, because of the not clarity around the QM, because of the forward claims that the consumer's both paying more and the credit box is wider than it would otherwise be. And that we actually believe that credit box is hurting first-time buyers, younger, self-employed, prior defaults, someone who when they defaulted passed his reserve, who always say deserves a second chance. So that policy has restricted that. And the shocking thing to me is the absolute size of that, which we think could be $300 billion to $500 billion a year. That one thing alone could have added -- because of a secular stagnation, could have added 0.3% or 0.4% a year to growth. So if you'd changed it 5 years ago, you're talking about a lot of growth, a lot of jobs, a lot of new homes, a lot of young families into homes and a very positive thing without taking a lot of extra credit risk. It's not -- it was about America, is why I wrote it. I could care less whether the banks and nonbanks do it. My point about that was how it's hurting the growth of America and hurting that class of citizens. And I really think some of you should be writing about that more because that's how important it is. That was one example.

Answer_21:

          Okay. So I would just start by saying we've been consistent that our operating model, including the diversification of our businesses, has been and was a source of strength not just for us but also for the financial markets during the crisis. And there is strength in the way the company operates that can't be discounted. I would also say that the commentary feels unnecessary given where the industry stands on capital liquidity and regulatory reform broadly. And I would just point, as I'm sure you all read, to most recently, Governor Tarullo making comments about this but historically, other thought leaders in the financial stability space talking about it. And I would further say that it doesn't feel, for the reasons that you just articulated in terms of structural reform or structural change in the model of banks, that, that would be consistent with a level playing field and pro-growth agenda in the U.S. So that's kind of how we feel about it. I can't give you specific reasons to not continue to monitor the situation. But it doesn't feel consistent with the rest of the objectives of the administration. And with respect to Investor Day a couple of years ago, lots of things have fundamentally changed since then, but the ultimate conclusion hasn't, which is that we believe that there's significantly more value for our shareholders, and as I said before, for the economy with this company the way it is today than in some other form.

Answer_22:

          First of all, we don't overthink the shape of the curve or the process of normalization in any one period. We think about the reason for the actions. And ultimately, as long as they're kind of growing, you'll see both of the short and the long end of rates ultimately go up. And even though I know that it's lower than what we've broken down, broken below a little bit of the lower bounds, it's been in the kind of 2.30%, 2.60% range for a while, so we're still within -- largely speaking, within the range. And our central case is that we're going to see the 10-year higher by the end of the year. And if you look at our earnings and risk disclosures, we're much more sensitive to -- as a pure NII, NIM matter, to the front end of rates. And so not to say it would not have an impact, but it would take a while for that to have an impact that would meaningfully offset any of the benefit of higher short-end rates.

Answer_23:

          Well, I mean, ultimately, sort of any actions by central banks, any change in the shape of the yield curve, anything that is presenting an opportunity for clients to transact and trade is an opportunity for our businesses. So as long as it happens in a reasonably rational fashion and there are no significant events, it should create an opportunity for clients and an opportunity therefore for us.


          Always keep in mind that why they do something probably is more important than the what they do. So if they are doing it because the American economy is getting stronger, that is more important than the direct effect of adding -- letting securities mature, et cetera.

Answer_24:

          It could, I just wouldn't put that in your models.

Answer_25:

          So well, I mean -- so in terms of rates, obviously, the loan balances are seasonally low in the first quarter and charge-off rates are higher in the first quarter. But overall, we're not expecting to see abnormal patterns in our charge-offs.

Answer_26:

          Because it happens every 5 to 10 years, so why would anyone be surprised? And we've always been very conscious of this and very careful about how we do leases, we do them conservatively, we've got...


          But we only do them to our strategic manufacturing businesses.


          And only to strategic manufacturers, and we properly account for it. And we have loss mitigation. That's pretty important. So no, we're not surprised, it's going to happen every now and then.

Answer_27:

          I have no idea.

Answer_28:

          So it's actually got somewhat less to do with our marketing strategy than it has to do with the fantastic success we've had with the new products, particularly Sapphire Reserve, in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of this year. But fundamentally, if you go back, I think, to a conference that Kevin Watters spoke at last year sometime in, I think, September, he said, look, we're going to see the revenue rate be lower about 10% and some for the couple of quarters while we acquire all of these accounts. Once we've hit a pace, we should see it middle out at 10.5% the full year of 2017, so the first quarter lower and subsequent quarters continuing to now start rising back up towards the 11.25%, which was our ultimate run rate target. And that's still fundamentally what we're expecting to see, which is we're at a -- assuming that our expectations of what we're going to see in account growth over the future period continues to hold, we would expect to see an increase from here in the second quarter, the overall year, to be sort of finish the mid-10s and the year 11-ish, and then go back to 11.25% over the course of the next couple of years.


          (inaudible)


          And we have great new products.

Answer_29:

          I said I'm not interested. I'm kidding.

Answer_30:

          Look, I've been clear. I think that Gary Cohn and Steve Mnuchin are doing the right thing. They want to find the right people for those jobs. They're talking about -- I gather they're talking to lots of people. But even after they announce it, remember, they need to be vetted and confirmed, and that's -- that normally could take 90 days. Well, the sooner, the better, but I think getting the right people is as equally important.

