Answer_1:

    Yes, Bill, I think -- I've recently been to Korea, to Australia, in the last 10 days to also southern Russia and Sochi, but I think essentially in Europe, there is a sentiment there that people are beginning to feel that it's not going to get any worse, that there will be some expansion happening as we move forward instead of just purely fiscal restraint and monetary restraint. So there is that feeling beginning to emerge, but I think it's going to be a long recovery. 
Certainly in China, we are seeing the transition happen from a purely export-led economy to one that is more balanced with consumer spending and a combination of consumer spending, as well as export-led a balanced economy. I think there were some challenges in that transition initially where there was a divergence between GDP growth and pure disposable incomes for a while. But I think long-term, that's going to be very beneficial for everyone, this transition in China. I think in general, Japan is going to also -- I think the consumer sentiment will continue to be modeled and volatile there and subdued. 
The rest of the world, whether it's Africa, the youngest billion, Latin America, Eurasia, Middle East, we see -- and of course Asia, Southeast Asia and other parts of Asia, Indian subcontinent, we see growth. We see very disciplined monetary policy, balanced budgets, good banking system, and the consumer is more positive. And so it's modeled and it's mixed. 
And here in the United States, we see some signs of improvement. We need to wait and evaluate the impact of the payroll taxes, as well as the higher gasoline prices. It's too early to say, but it's a recovery that is at best lukewarm, but we feel that it could get better. That's how we see the world. And based on that, we continue to invest for opportunity. We continue to invest based on our long-term models and plans with our bottling partners, to continue to generate both volume, top line, and income growth. 

Answer_2:

    Are you just -- sorry. Are you talking about just the restructuring? 

Answer_3:

    Yes, it's got nothing to do with that at all. Think of it as last year we announced a new productivity and reinvestment program that includes continued synergies from our North America CCR, Coca-Cola Refreshment operations, to be able to enable us to continue to invest in our brands to grow in North America. 11 quarters of consecutive quarters of growth. When we first talked about growth in North America back in '09, people thought that we were trying to go to the moon with a glider. And now, it's reality. 
11 quarters of consecutive growth. And we intend to continue that. We see this as a growth market. And therefore, to enable us to continue to invest in our brands, this is just ordinary course of business. Think about it exactly like that. It's not a big deal, ordinary course of business, and therefore, it's got nothing to do with the United States bottling structure. It's just part of ongoing business and I'll have -- Steve Cahillane is here with me on this call, as well as Ahmet Bozer and Irial Fanin, so I can ask Steve to also comment. 


    Muhtar, you said it very well. This is very much an effectiveness play. Two years ago when we put these businesses together, we had a simple mantra. First, we were going to make it work. Then we were going to make it better. Then we were going to make it best. 
We've learned a lot over the course of the last 2.5 years. One of our most successful organizations is our food service organization, which is aligned around three geographic units. We're moving our national retail sales and our field sales organizations also around the same three units, which will really build our total efficiency and effectiveness, our ability to work together, our ability to continue to invest in this market, invest against our brands, put more feet on the street. So we're very excited about the new organization and think it will get us from making it better to making it best. 

Answer_4:

    Thanks, Bill. Yes, and I was trying to be pretty clear, but let me be very clear. We expect to hit our long-term growth targets both in 2013 and in long-term. But that applies to 2013 as well. So we're comfortable with that and would expect to be able to deliver that. 
The second thing is we have always had a mantra that you invest through a crisis. We've been in a global crisis for a number of years now. But we've got history and we've seen what happens when you invest through the crisis, when you come out the other end. As Muhtar says, we think -- see things slowly improving across the world, but we expect to come out at the other end much stronger than we were even going in. So we're going to continue to drive efficiencies, productivity, and then reinvest that back to grow the business and growing the brands. The brands are stronger than they have ever been, but we think we can drive it even further so. We're going to continue to invest behind the brands. 


    And just one point to add on that, Bill. I always say, as you go up, the air gets thinner. Always remember, we're adding on top of significant increases from prior year all the time. Just on sparkling beverages alone, we've added 500, over 0.5 billion cases each year. So we are cycling that every year and we're continuing to grow. I think that is really important. 
And in three years, the worst, I guess,  probably macroeconomic environment, we've seen for a long time. We're able to generate volume growth in line with our growth expectations, revenue growth in line with our growth expectations and income growth. Generating record revenues of $48 billion, record income, as well as record cash growth. It needs to be taken into that context, continue to crack the calculus for growth. 

Answer_5:

    I think in the United States, we are -- as you have heard, we've gained -- continued to gain both volume and value share. And in all over the world, our share is at an all-time high, everywhere across the world, in NARTD, as well as in the different categories that we're operating in and competing in. We choose to compete in. And therefore, and similarly in China in sparkling, we've widened our gap to our nearest international competitor in sparkling. In Europe, I think there have been a month or two where we've had some challenges. But overall for the whole year, we've, again, gained share across the whole of broader Europe, in Western Europe, as well as Eastern Europe, and in Southeast Europe, across the whole continent in both volume and value share. 
And to be -- I think to be frank, we see competition is healthy, and it keeps us on our toes, it keeps us executing better and being better, becoming more efficient and more productive, and that's all we strive every single day as a business system, together with our 275 bottlers around the world, is that we strive to get better. Better at making decisions quicker, so that we can be more nimble and more innovative and, as you know, we've launched more than 800 different products over the last four or five years. Many of them are new, innovative products that are gaining great traction, as they are in the United States. 
Look at the still -- performance of our still business. Look at the relative performance of our sparkling business. I mentioned that between 2009 and 2012, spend per person on our brands went up from $56 to $60. So transactions are up in the United States. Our brand price pack channel location architecture is working in the United States. So both in China, transactions are ahead of our volume, as well as in the United States immediate consumption business. 
So judge us not only by pure volume. Judge us by the quality of our volume and transaction growth. We sell -- in the end, consumers buy packages and products, combination of packages and products, each one at a time. They don't buy liters. That is really important, I think, to understand and how we think about our business. 

Answer_6:

    Judy, we're actually fully hedged on the Yen, Euro and Sterling, and in fact, the Yen positions that we have are actually in the money. They are in good play. That's not an issue. When you look at the first quarter, it was actually -- I said 4%, it was 3% pre-Venezuela. It is 4% now. The Venezuela devaluation obviously is a big one, when you devalue 50%. So that's number one. 
But number two, the real impact is not what you would expect, is not the Yen. The impact are the rates that we're cycling in the emerging markets, particularly Latin America. If you look at Brazil, look at Mexico, those -- look at the rates at early last year, and then they started devaluing South Africa as well. If you look at those, you'll see there's an improving trend. So towards the latter part of 2013, based on where spot is today, we actually turned positive with kind of even to minus one for the full year. But it is front end loaded negative and then improving throughout the year. 

Answer_7:

    We've got a loss on monetary assets. That was the 100 to 125. And so if you look in the Wall Street Journal article this morning, we just joined a list of other companies that have the same issue. So that's kind of a one-time item that I'm just telling you has occurred and will occur. And then the translation impact of the revenues will be about a 1% drag in the first quarter. 


    Thank you. 

Answer_8:

    John, let me see if I can get the first half of your question. First, below operating income growth, you're right, because we will see net interest flip from interest income to interest expense. There are a couple of things going on in there. Primarily, it's rates. And just rates are down, particularly in some of the emerging markets where we've got some cash which was generating a lot of the interest income. You saw that happening during the latter part of this year. 
And the reason that interest income was actually a lot better than in the fourth quarter than I told you to expect it to be was actually we put on some interest rate swap hedges a couple years ago. There's a small ineffectiveness piece to that hedge and the ineffective piece has to go through the P&L. That was actually pretty large this quarter positive, and it gave us a lot of interest income. So that's part of what you're seeing. So -- but then equity income, you're going to get some leverage. It's going to be up because of the structural items that I talked about from some of the transactions that have occurred. 
Then if we go to, all right, the second half of your question was -- tell me again. 

Answer_9:

    Well, I think there are a couple of different things. There, I think we're going to see improving and slowly improving trends in many of the markets around the world. Europe, I think will improve. My expectation is that Europe will improve in 2013 from well -- pretty good improvement form the fourth quarter of 2012, so I would say you're actually going to see sequential improvement in Europe. You're going to see sequential improvement in China for sure. I think the US is poised now also in a pretty good place. 
So I think number one, I think volumes in 2012 dipped a little bit in the fourth quarter. Our view is that is not the start of a trend, that we think that's just -- it happened, but it's not the start of a trend. And we would expect volume actually to be okay in 2013 and we think it will sequentially start coming back and be better, be okay in 2013. 


    John, just, just to add on that, I think very little is always said about the 120 or so countries which have a per capita of around 125 in our business, where volume growth for 2012 was, again, 7%. These countries represent about a little more than one third of our total global volume, countries that we never talk about, whether it's Sub-Sahara, or whether it's in Asia or Middle East or central Asia and so forth. But -- and we grew in these countries 9% in 2010, 7% in 2011, 7% in 2012, and we keep on growing. This is the beauty of our portfolio impact. 
So while you may have a quarter where China doesn't grow or where Europe doesn't grow, we still continue to be able to deliver on our long-term growth model for volume and also for revenues, and I think that is -- imagine what would have happened to our volume if Europe did grow this past quarter and China. So this is the benefit of having this portfolio, which is getting stronger and bigger, as we continue to invest with our bottling partners in alignment. 

Answer_10:

    Yes, John, that's exactly right. When I said hit the target, we hit the target before structural, but then you would have to adjust for structural. But with pretax or net income being the same, it's just what is the geography within the P&L. 


    Perfect. Thank you. 

Answer_11:

    Ali, I've always said the fact we are total believers in the franchise system. It is a beautiful system when you can get it to work as we have aligned towards the vision, aligned with its goals and aligned in its ownership objectives and goals. That's what we have. And therefore, we will continue to drive this bottling system towards an aligned vision, which we have. And as I said, we've got three years that we've accomplished that and seven years to go and we're confident that we can continue to accomplish it. 
As we move through the system, you've already heard us talk about what we see, envisage for the US system, where we have a role again for bottling partners. We are on -- we still have the same time table for that. I won't repeat what the time table was. We said about four to five years since the time we closed the transaction. And you can figure we're still -- we still believe that is doable. And as we move along different parts of the world, you see us creating stronger systems, like Brazil, stronger systems like Kanto. That is a huge milestone in the 55-year history of our Japanese business, getting the four Kanto bottlers to unite and to take costs out of the system to be able to continue to invest to drive top line growth for our system. 
And you will see us doing more of those as we move forward. And again, refranchising Philippines is another example. So don't think of this as seismic changes in our bottling system. We will continue to fine tune and evolve as needed, as necessary to drive the goals that we have outlined. 

Answer_12:

    First, let me just say that everything we're doing, none of it is reactionary. It's proactive, whether it's Brazil, whether it's Philippines, whether it's Japan, and we've got more to talk about that we're not in a position to talk about right now. All of that is actually proactive. And the US is all about proactive. 
And I can tell you very clearly, once again, that as I mentioned in Judy's question, judge us not only by the leaders, judge us also by the transactions, judge us by how we are doing in terms of the value of the business that we are creating and the consumer spend that's coming into our business, into our brand and the health of our brands. This is ultimately a brand business. Our brands are healthier than they have ever been, both in sparkling, as well as in still beverages. So I think that we see -- I repeat, we see opportunities in the United States for it to keep growing and also for us to keep generating value in both sparkling and in still beverages. And that's how we see it and whatever it takes for us to be able -- investment, proactive long-term investment is the key. Whatever it takes for us to be able to continue our targeted, thoughtful, purposeful investments, you will see us continuing to do that so that our brands remain healthy, our system remains nimble, and flexible, as far as throughout the market, as far as production and as far as distribution and sales. 

Answer_13:

    Brian, this is Gary. No, no changes at all. We -- you're exactly right. What we announced the beginning of last year in productivity and reinvestment was $550 million to $650 million for total company, including North America. We are still on track. In fact, well on track on that program. It was a 2012 through 2015 program and we are continuing to execute against that. 
We're on track. We are taking the savings and from the supply chain optimization, the marketing effectiveness, operational excellence, data and IT systems standardization were the areas of that whole program, in addition to what we're doing in CCR, and we're taking that and reinvesting behind innovation, as well as marketing of our brands and that's still working well. What we talked about in North America today is just a normal part and evolution of that program and we'll continue to do that around the world to drive effectiveness, because it really helps us in several different ways. It's not only about saving money. It's about operating more effectively so we can operate faster. Being more productive means we can make decisions quicker, and those are the things we are driving for. We want to be fast, flexible and very big. 

Answer_14:

    Outside of North America, we probably had about $40 million to $50 million in savings in 2012, and then North America continues to drive synergies and did fairly well against their part of their targets as well. 

Answer_15:

    Yes, it will be. It will be. 

Answer_16:

    Let me, Brian, answer it this way, because as we continue -- I'll continue to update you on where we are and how big the plan is. So let's call it $550 million to $650 million today, but as you know, a few years ago, we had another program as well that we kind of concluded and then started this one. So we continue to look for efficiencies and effectiveness. But everything we look at when we evaluate it, we would expect that the one-time costs ought to be in a ratio no more than 1 to 1.5 to 1 payback. So you're talking about a 12 to 18-month payback on something that's then continuous benefit to the P&L going forward. 


    Okay, great. Thanks, Brian. 


    Thank you, Gary, Ahmet, Steve, Irial and Jackson. In closing, we had a strong 2012 and have once again delivered quality full-year performance results. Our business continues to grow, even in the midst of ongoing global economic challenges. Our system is aligned. And it's on track to achieve our 2020 vision. 
Together, we are consistently investing in our brands on a global scale through world class marketing and commercial strategy. And as we get closer to the midpoint of our 2020 vision, our system remains resolutely focused on refreshing our consumers, creating value for our customers, maintaining strong partnerships with our bottling partners, strategically investing for the future, and expanding shareholder value. As always, we thank you for your interest and your investment in our company and for joining us this morning. 

