Question_1:

    Hi, guys. Good morning. Muhtar, I know you have been doing a lot of globe-hopping lately, so could you talk about the global macro, maybe some granularity about regional growth rates? I know you were at [sohishina dobos], just to give us some color on how you think things are going to trend over the next year. I know you kind of covered it big picture, but maybe some more granularity. 

Question_2:

    Great. Thanks very much. And can I follow up with the change in the structure of CCR North America? Does this change your sort of philosophy on sort of how long you're going to own the asset and maybe how it's going to be operated going forward? 

Question_3:

    Yes, exactly. Like for the three different regions. There were seven different businesses before and now there's three. Does that sort of change your view on how long that asset stays with TCC? 

Question_4:

    Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to clarify one thing first, Gary. When you are hitting the long-term FX neutral operating target, you expect to do that in 2013, as well as in the long run? Then with close to zero operating expense leverage guidance of '13, despite the savings, you're signaling stepped-up spending. Wanted to get an idea of where you're focusing that incremental spending on. Thanks. 

Question_5:

    Thanks. Good morning. So Muhtar, I know you spoke a lot about the macro environment, but maybe you could speak a little bit about the competitive environment, particularly around US sparkling, China, and parts of Western Europe where you have seen some step-up in competitive pressure and how that's affected your volume performance and how you see that sort of trending in 2013. 

Question_6:

    Okay, and then Gary, following up on currency guidance for the full year. It seems like the first quarter guidance is actually a little bit worse than I thought. Can you help us understand, is it based on your hedge position and with the Yen moving pretty sharply, how much are you hedged on the Yen? 

Question_7:

    And in Venezuela, Gary, just the impact you're purely looking at transitional impact or some sort of margin impact as you have the pricing control in place? 

Question_8:

    Thank you. Just two questions here. Gary, just sort of more of a housekeeping type of thing. As you look at the commentary on the net interest line, seems as though that's going to create a situation where there's probably not much leverage, if any, below the operating lines. If you could just sort of confirm that. 
And then secondly, as we look at the organic top line growth in terms of just simply the bottler case sales volume plus price mix, it decelerated looks like to me at least every quarter this year. So can you talk about how you see that trending up as we go through the course of 2012? You've got difficult comparisons in the first half of the year and sort of how that's going to play into your comfort level of hitting that 6% to 8% currency neutral operating profit target. Thanks. 

Question_9:

    Just looking at the deceleration in the organic top line growth and how that maps out over the course of the year and the comfort on let's say the 6% there. 

Question_10:

    Okay, and then finally, one housekeeping question. Gary, you mentioned the equity income line. That's coming out of the operating profit line. So is it -- as you look at hitting your target, I'm assuming that's before the bottler deconsolidation, right? So that's 6 to 8, sort of minus 1 for the bottler, minus 1 for the FX is how we should look at it? 

Question_11:

    Hi, guys. Can you give us a little bit more of a sense of the go-forward evolution of the bottling system globally and in the US? And you look at Germany that shrank this quarter and you want to do some system changes there. Japan certainly has seen some system changes and that's had some struggles. China is struggling a little bit and there were competitive system changes there. US sparkling volumes are still a little bit tough and you bought TCC about two years ago. 
And whether, to Gary's point, these volume trends are a trend or not, it just seems to us that given all of that, you might actually see the next few years with very large changes to the Coca-Cola system and the industry overall. So if you were to kind of close your eyes and see with us, how would you see the structure of the system, of the future looking versus what it is today? 

Question_12:

    So it's helpful, and I'm still struggling with what's -- what can we look forward to changes in terms of not being as reactionary, but maybe thinking going forward. Maybe if you can help me, you mentioned the US and Steve mentioned it a little while ago, so it's been about two years since you closed the CC North America transaction. 
Can you give us a sense of where you think you are ahead of plan and where you are behind plan? Certainly for many investors, this quarter was probably pleasing, because operating margins start in reflect positively, but is this sustainable without any more meaningful restructuring, bigger things? And how do you think about the volume trends we've been seeing so far in sparkling and whether that changes anything about how you think -- not reactionary -- but going forward about the structure here, as just another example of what you're describing, Muhtar? 

Question_13:

    Hi, good morning. I've got a question on the, just the productivity program, just really looking for an update. First, I think if you took the two elements of it, both what was initially announced last year plus the extension of the CCR integration, your expectation was $550 million to $650 million of annualized savings by the end of 2015. So is that still the same size or has there been any change to what you're expecting in terms of total savings? 

Question_14:

    How much did it drive -- how much savings did you drive in 2012? 

Question_15:

    Fair to say you think '13 will be a bigger aggregate pull to savings to spend back than you had in '12? 

Question_16:

    Okay, and then just one last one. How much in terms of charges are you expecting to take over the life of the plan relative to the savings? 

