Answer_1:

    Hi, John. Good morning. This is Muhtar. First, I think it's important to realize that there's not one model for the world. There's many different models for the world, as you can see. What's happening, this has been an exciting last several months with respect to the evolution, actually continuous evolution, of our franchise system. We manage our business to create sustainable long-term value, and evolution of our franchise system continues to play an absolutely critical role in that process.
And so what you have seen recently, the [Contal] merger in Japan, the Brazil merger of three bottling partners creating a large Brazilian-led bottling business, the Iberian merger of seven bottling partners in Iberia, the sale of the Philippines -- of the majority shares of the Philippines and the control to FEMSA, and now the US process, the journey starting in the United States, are all part of our vision, our plan, and to ensure that we can continue to deliver on the commitments we've made for our vision.
They use, in some cases, they use partially our capital. In some cases, where there's a sale, obviously, we bring back capital back into The Coca-Cola Company, but all the time ensuring that our bottling business is fully suited for the needs of the 21st century, delivering what is necessary ahead of consumer expectations, customer expectations, and so not one size fits all. And in the case of the United States, again I'm pleased to report, we are pleased to report today, that we've reached agreement in principle to start this journey. All along, since the first day we've closed the transaction with Coca-Cola Refreshments, I've always said there will be a meaningful role to invite partners back into the business.
When I was -- when we were asked about the timing, we've always said around the four- to five-year timeframe from the time we've closed, the close of the Coca-Cola Refreshments was, as you will recall, back in the latter part of 2010, and we are well within that timeline. And it's a continuous evolution. And sometimes it will necessitate for us to use our own capital, sometimes a mix, and sometimes no capital. And again, not one size fits all. The US model is very different, but it is, again, a model that invites partners to serve with us passionately the communities that we operate in.

Answer_2:

    Yes. I think from -- we can't comment on the timing for the end game, but all I can tell you is that we are intent on creating the evolution necessary for us to be able to serve both our large customers and small, independent customers in the best possible way with our bottling partners. Again, we've always said that, right from the beginning, and we're consistent to that, that the US will be slightly different. We want to create the best-in-class production, optimum cost production system, coast-to-coast, from the East to the West. That will be nationally managed.
We also want to create a nationally managed large customer -- customer management system that will essentially have the responsibility to put together a 21st century customer plans with our large partners in the United States, and at the same time invite partners to come in and be part of this new evolution in the United States. It will take as long as it is necessary. And that is not our focus. It's going to be about doing the right thing as quickly as possible, as efficiently as possible, and as effectively as possible, and that's what we are going to be doing.

Answer_3:

    Bryan, thanks. There are a couple of things to consider. First is, as I mentioned previously in the prepared remarks, that we reversed some compensation accruals in the first quarter. So that gave you more leverage in the quarter, but you will not see that. That's more of a one-time impact, if you will. So it's more leverage in the quarter.
The other significant piece is you're going -- the currencies had an impact as well, and currencies moderate going out. But the biggest thing will be geographic mix. And we would expect to see geographic mix changing throughout the year as we go through the year. And as that happens, it will have an impact on gross margin and operating leverage.

Answer_4:

    Yes, that's exactly right. And think about North America, actually. I would expect North America, actually in the first quarter of this year, North America's operating income on a recurring kind of comparable basis, was down 3%, and it's down 3% primarily because of two fewer selling days. So if you adjusted for those selling days, it would have been positive. But I would expect North America to actually improve versus where they were, the minus 3%, but as they improved, because it's a finished product business, it's going to have negative gross margin impact, and it'll be reduced leverage.

Answer_5:

    Yes. Yes, that's what I was trying to say more in code in the prepared remarks.


    We normally don't think North America, but that's what it was.


    Thanks, Bryan.

Answer_6:

    Yes, I think, Dara, I think -- this is Muhtar, I think that we haven't seen anything markedly different from previous quarters as far as the competitive environment is concerned. China remains a very competitive environment. Actually the whole world, and again, this is a competitive environment that is a mix of large international companies, but also very much local companies, very much local companies in Asia, in parts of Africa, in the Middle East. We also see a somewhat more rational pricing, particularly in Europe, as well as parts of -- other parts of the world, in Latin America, too.
And I think -- so the way we see the environment is, it will continue to be challenged from a consumer perspective. Whether you're talking about Asia coming back, or whether you're talking about Europe, consumer sentiment in Europe, will continue to be volatile and mixed at best. And therefore, pricing is going to be critical, and therefore also ensuring leverage and ensuring productivity can be generated out of operations for us to be able to continue to invest, is going to be critical. But we are intent on continuing to invest in this environment. I'll let Steve Cahillane talk a little bit about how we manage the pricing environment in the United States (technical difficulties) price mix of 3% in terms of leverage in pricing for sparkling beverages in the past quarter.


    Yes, thanks, Muhtar. We would -- we have seen a rational pricing environment in the United States over the course of a good period of time right now. We would expect that to continue, and I've said many times that if commodities go down, don't look for us to reinvest that in price. We've worked very hard to earn the price that we take in the marketplace. We don't have an affordability problem in the United States with our sparkling beverages, and we would look to continue to invest behind our brands.
We've got a terrific summer program for the Coca-Cola brand. We've got an exciting new partnership with Taylor Swift around Diet Coke. We'll invest around activating those types of program to continue to focus on our most important objective, which is to continue to support, develop, and drive the sparkling, our sparkling category, inside the United States business.

Answer_7:

    Hi, Bill. This is Muhtar. Good morning.


    I would say to you that this is, again, we're at the beginning of this journey. We have reached agreement in principle with these five US bottling partners. It is very important that we did reach that agreement in principle, and now we can actually ensure that we put all the details into motion, and we can implement effectively. We have always said production is, in the United States, is critical to our success in achieving a optimum cost, 21st century production system, nationally managed coast-to-coast. That is going to take place.
We've also said that managing large, 30 or so, of our largest customers in the United States is going to be done nationally. That's also going to take place. In terms of who else would be coming in, we can't comment on that. In terms of what will happen, in what form an architecture production is going to take place in terms of what our current bottlers own, I can't comment on that. All I can tell you, and I can assure you, that we are intent on ensuring that we make the necessary changes in the format and architecture of production to achieve what I just said, which is a coast-to-coast, nationally run production system that generates the efficiencies, synergies, productivities that allow us to continue to win in the marketplace. And again, there may be a future where our partners in the United States take certain ownership in the national production. I wouldn't rule that out also, but it will be managed nationally from one point, single point.

Answer_8:

    Okay, Judy. I'll have Steve answer the first part of your question before Gary comes in and sheds some light on the question on profitability. Steve?


    Yes. Thanks, Judy. First quarter clearly had a lot of noise in it. We expected a benefit from Easter being in the first quarter. It's never as big a benefit when it comes that early in the year. Easter's always better when it comes later in April because of the warmer weather. But obviously you reference the weather.
We saw some very dramatic changes. Last year we benefited from one of the hottest summers -- sorry, hottest winters, warmest winters in the United States, and we cycled that with one of the coldest winters in the United States. So clearly that had an effect. And we saw any benefit from Easter really being washed away, if you like, by the poor weather.
There was clearly an effect in the payroll tax. It's a little bit of art and science, trying to pick apart what's weather and what's payroll tax. We would figure about two-thirds is probably weather-related and one-third of the slowdown is based on the economy. We are, though, optimistic, guardedly optimistic, that the consumer is coming back, that the payroll tax and the economy is kind of a short-term, need to get used to the discretionary impact that that has had. So we remain optimistic that we've got the right programs in place, that the economy is on the mend, and we would expect continued good performance as we go out into the next three quarters.
In terms of, I guess, questions around profitability, I'll turn that over to Gary.


    Yes. Judy, I would say a couple of things on profitability. It's really kind of repeating what Steve just said. If you take the first quarter and you throw in lousy weather, payroll tax, actually the price of gasoline, what that then does to your immediate consumption versus future consumption business, it's going to have an impact on your profitability. Now, if I go back to the answer I gave to Bryan earlier, though, when I was talking about geographic mix and it's North America, I would expect North America to be improving, actually, from the first quarter and from where we were. And then North America also has this two fewer days.
Now, I can tell you, Steve's got a number from minus 3%. I said it would have been positive. Steve's got a number, but you can calculate it several different ways as to what would the impact of the two days be. We would all agree, I think, it is positive. They would have been positive at the operating income line. But you put all that together, the weather, by the way, as lousy as it's been, and the impact on Steve's business, has been given a lot of moisture to the Midwest for the drought for the corn crops. So you look for commodities, and we'll see what happens there.
Payroll tax, consumers hopefully are starting to get used to it. Gasoline prices, looks like they are starting to trend downward somewhat. So I think there are some reasons to be cautiously optimistic. CCR continues to execute with excellence, continuing to improve capability. So I think there are lots of reasons to be optimistic on North America.

Answer_9:

    Judy, I would actually say the biggest impact on the first quarter for North America was two less selling days, by far, as a whole company as well. But by far, the biggest impact was the two selling days.


    Judy, I didn't answer this part. A secondary impact is clearly weather-impacted food service and immediate consumption more than the take-home channel. So we would expect as weather moderates, those profitable parts of our business will start to normalize as well. But, as Gary said, two less selling days, when you've got the fixed cost assets that we have in the North American business is really quite significant. Those extra two days are golden cases that are going out. And when you lose those two days, it obviously has a big impact.


    Thanks, Judy.

Answer_10:

    Yes. Caroline, I think first in terms of our capability in our system in the United States is I would say the best in the consumer products world in terms of how we go to market and how we can get the product from production facilities. I would like to comment on how we can improve that. If there is a way for us to even improve and generate more productivity, we'll certainly look at it. I think the most important thing, though, is that there is room to generate significant further synergies in production. I think today I wouldn't say that the United States production system, after three years of having integrated Coca-Cola Refreshments, it is where we need it to be. And we need to achieve that -- continue on that road map to proceed towards a modern and best-in-class optimum cost production system coast-to-coast.
That will mean, obviously, a lot of changes. That will mean building new plants. That will mean combining some facilities, but I would like to also comment, in terms of hot-fill and aseptic versus sparkling beverage plants, we will look at ensuring that we have the most modern, most productive facilities in place. I don't believe the answer is to combine all under one roof. I think the answer is to combine many that are scattered across the country, both in terms of still and sparkling separately, into some consolidation process, and I can't comment any further.
What I can tell you is that there is room for costs to come down. There is room for efficiencies to increase, and we will achieve all of those. This is all in line with our 2020 Vision. We laid out a plan when we took over the business of Coca-Cola Enterprises. We laid out a plan when I took over as the CEO back 4.5 years ago, and we are executing it meticulously, and we are doing what we have said we will do, and we're doing it ahead of time.

Answer_11:

    Absolutely. I think we can improve service levels. I think we can improve execution inside the point of sale. I think we can improve availability. I think we can improve availability of cold drink. I think we can improve how we serve independents, and all of those things are going to be played out as we implement, execute this new strategy in the United States. And I don't know, Steve, do you want to comment?


    I agree completely. Part of what we're doing with this new bottler arrangement focuses on that up and down the street, where bottlers and CCR add the most value, which is not only big customer sales, but up and down the street execution. And we've got also our venture and emerging brands unit, which you're familiar with, which brings brands like ZICO Coconut Water, it brought Honest Tea. So in those spaces that you're talking about, we are very much innovating. We've got glaceau fruitwater, which we just launched to great success a couple of weeks ago. That's being executed, not only in the large stores, but importantly in the up and down the street, food service on-premise accounts as well. We see that as a very important capability. We see ourselves as having a competitive advantage there when it comes to not just shelf space, but cold drink space and overall availability.


    Yes, and just to finally add on to that point, Caroline. Rest assured, we are in a mode of evolution, rapid evolution, not just in the United States, across the whole world. But, and you will see us adapting, reinventing how we go to market, how we serve customers, and also how we communicate with consumers, very importantly. Our brand's at an all time high in terms of health and we will continue, again, to evolve and bring out the best modes of communication with our consumers as well.

Answer_12:

    Yes, I think, Mark, it's -- I can't -- we can't comment on the details. What we can say is that it will be a model that will align us fully with our bottling partners to do what is right in the marketplace, and to focus on what is right in the marketplace, with full alignment model, and I think I can't just comment any further than that. But you will see us executing better, serving the customers better, with a better production template, as well as a customer service template.

Answer_13:

    I think all of that will come into play, best practices, everywhere around the world. And I am certain that in four or five years time, many people will come into the United States to see the best practices, and as it used to be back in the 1980s when I used to bring bottlers, new bottlers, from Eastern Europe to see best practice in the United States at that time.


    In closing, I would like to thank Gary, Ahmet, Steve, Irial, and Jackson, and to again say that we're pleased with our solid first quarter. We are working as a system to unlock real value, further strengthen execution, and to win at the point of sale. We are confident that a focus, a relentless focus on growth, will enable us to build capable, resilient, optimized, advantaged, and sustainable systems that are well positioned to deliver results in 2013 and achieve our 2020 Vision. As always, we thank you for your interest and your investment in our Company, and for joining us this morning.

