Question_1:

    Sorry. There's a lot of static. As you look at the bottle consolidation piece, is Spanish or Japanese bottler consolidation just sort of the beginning of the next wave of, let's say, a bottler-driven consolidation? And how much are you pushing this, as opposed to letting the bottlers lead where the system's going?

Question_2:

    Great, and if I could just ask a follow-up on that, which would be as you look at the different options you gave for the US pieces here, in terms of sub-bottler agreements, asset sales, swaps, things like that. Is there some way to think about the financial impact as you do this? I mean, this is a small piece of it. How long does this timeframe take out, as you sort of push these US pieces out? Thanks.

Question_3:

    Hi, good morning. A question for you, Gary, just on the operating leverage in the first quarter, and maybe more specifically, the gross margins. If I understood it right, this quarter would have been one of the highest in terms of the impact from commodity inflation? We also really had no positive benefit from price mix, and as we kind of look out going forward, right, we should get some benefit from price mix later in the year, and maybe some relief on commodity inflation. So why wouldn't there be maybe more leverage going through the year than we originally expected, given the leverage you had in the first quarter?

Question_4:

    So the geographic mix would be more negative going through the back half, the rest of the year, is that --?

Question_5:

    Okay. So more growth from lower margin geographies going forward, and that's what will affect sort of that margin impact?

Question_6:

    Good morning. I was hoping to get an update on the competitive environment around the world, both in China and Western Europe, which have been hot spots recently. And also just your thoughts around how you manage the pricing environment in the US sparkling business in 2013 and beyond, in light of the moderate commodity pressure, and if that solid 3% sparkling growth we saw in Q1 could continue in the balance of the year?

Question_7:

    Morning, everybody. I wanted to follow up on the US bottling announcement. Coke held onto the production assets for the territories the five bottlers picked up. Do you see these bottlers eventually contributing their manufacturing assets into a national production company to get at the cost savings opportunity that you've talked about on the manufacturing side? And also, would Coke be willing to let new partners bring in outside capital to help finance some of the additional territory sales, given the size of the territory that Coke still holds onto in the US? Thanks.

Question_8:

    Thanks, good morning. I just had a couple of questions on North America. First, in terms of volume performance, I think the macro data points and consumer data points have been a little bit choppy more recently. So maybe if you could give us a little bit color just in terms of category of your performance, immediate consumption versus take-home. And sort of the expectation as you get out into the back half of the year, lapping of some of the transitory headwinds, whether it's payroll taxes or weather-related, if you expect volume performance to improve.
And then, Gary, just on the profitability in North America, I know you talked about this a little bit, but I look at first quarter. You had 1% volume growth, 2% price mix, and you did say profitability was up a little bit, but just why aren't we seeing the profitability really improve more meaningfully and what drives the sequential acceleration in North America profitability going forward?

Question_9:

    Okay. But from a profitability perspective, though, the bigger delta is really the mix shifting towards more immediate consumption as weather normalizes, or is there step-up in cost savings or timing of marketing investments that help the profitability?

Question_10:

    Good morning, Muhtar, Gary, and team. I would like to just understand, Muhtar, your vision, again, going back to the United States. You talked a little bit about how manufacturing is going to evolve. A little bit of understanding the benefits of merging the operations of food service, your non-carbs, and your CSDs into one production facility. Just can that actually be done? And are there synergies there? And then secondly, do you feel strongly that your own people have to get the product to market from the plant, or could you use a third party, such as a Sysco?

Question_11:

    That's excellent. I was just wondering, in terms of getting shelf space, you see a big opportunity up and down the street, and to get better pricing, much as you've done in LatAm. I'm often asked how you compete with all the new things that come in, be it coconut water, energy drinks. I know you have some, but are you convinced you can keep or improve shelf space for your carbonated soft drinks?

Question_12:

    Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Also a question on the US re-franchising, Muhtar or Gary. You talk about this new beverage agreement being ultimately what's at play here. Could you speak a little bit to how you're thinking about that, and the role of incidence-based pricing in that? Is it right to think that continues to have prominence in this new agreement, and any distinction you might draw between how stills and carbonateds are treated as you move production more squarely to staying, if you will, at least for a little while inside Coca-Cola?

Question_13:

    Is it fair to think that other markets, there's a sort of a fact pattern, an experience set, to draw on as you implement this new form of agreement here in the US?

