Question_1:

    Good morning.

Question_2:

    Muhtar, I was hoping for more granularity on emerging markets given the Q3 slowdown, particularly in Latin America, which was in contrast to some improvement we saw in China and India. So can you give us an update on the macro environment as you look around the world? And also, some of the strategies you mention you were implementing, are you gaining traction at this point from a market share standpoint? And should we expect to see volume performance in emerging markets improve as we look out going forward from here?

Question_3:

    Yes, that's helpful. And then some of the strategies you're implementing, do you think it's helping to drive an improvement in market growth at all or drive market share gains? And do you feel comfortable that emerging markets trends have bottomed in general at this point and we should see some improvement going forward, or is it still too volatile to call right now?

Question_4:

    Good morning, everybody.

Question_5:

    Muhtar, critics have said that Coke's growth story is over, reflected in the stock price, pointing to the slowing emerging market growth you were just talking about, declines in diet soft drinks. Some say the pricing in the US is irrational, and an inability to grow in big markets like US and Mexico. Can you explain why you still see solid growth ahead for the Company? And what the Company is doing in terms of innovation, productivity, you mentioned price pack earlier, to drive that growth and why the critics who have declared the growth story is over are wrong? Thanks.

Question_6:

    Hello, good morning.

Question_7:

    Question about Mexico and excise taxes. It's been in the press over the last, especially more so over the last couple of weeks, and in speaking to some of your bottling partners in Mexico specifically, it seems like they are more resigned to the potential that it's going to be a reality. So if you could talk a little bit about just how you see the situation unfolding in Mexico and to the extent you'll get an excise tax increase, how you plan -- or do you plan to do anything differently in Mexico in response to it? Maybe some thoughts about elasticity? And then finally, just any concern that there's spill-over into other markets would also be helpful?

Question_8:

    Are there any preparations for -- I guess, just trying to understand if it does become a reality, do you have plans in place to deal with it if it does occur?

Question_9:

    Thank you very much. Muhtar and Gary, you guys talked about the price mix number improving sequentially, which was good to see. So Gary, can you talk a little bit about how you see this playing out over the next 12 to 24 months? Where you have the negative geographic mix offset by the positive mix on a per case basis is the bottler territories, where you own the bottler gets better like North America, versus the absolute level of pricing. How should we look at those factors competing against each other to try and map something out?
And then one other housekeeping question, which was your comments on operating profit for the year, could you just revise those and, or restate those, just because there's some confusion about whether it was currency-neutral or non-currency-neutral, what have you? Thanks.

Question_10:

    Okay. So, and I'm not trying to trick you into guidance or anything here, but it basically sounds like you're saying currency-neutral, ex structural, mid-single digits year-to-date. So, therefore, that implies the Q4 but then you talked about the currency impact. So as we're looking at those, should basically offset to get you to slight operating profit growth for the quarter?

Question_11:

    Thanks, good morning. I had one follow-up question on North America and then a question about Europe. So in North America, there's been a lot written about the declines that we've seen in diet sodas. And, Steve, I'm not sure if you went through that and whether you shared some of the similar concerns that people have written about the decline in diets and your perspective on whether the artificial sweetener issue is impacting that category at all and from your strategy in dealing with that situation?

Question_12:

    Okay. And then just on Europe, the improvement that we saw in Northwest Europe and Germany as well, to what do you attribute that to? Perhaps weather getting much better in the quarter as opposed to the macros in consumers and what you guys are doing to really rejuvenate growth in those markets?

Question_13:

    Hello, good morning.

Question_14:

    Hey, can you just talk about the timing of some of the refranchise in the US? Because I think we talked a lot about it earlier in the year and it's kind of hit a lull recently? And then I have a follow-up, if I may.

Question_15:

    Great. Thanks so much. And then just on the SG&A costs, can you just give us a little bit more color on what drove some pretty significant efficiencies, which is obviously great, but with the advertising ratio flat or up and then maybe what drove some of the other improvements on that line item?

Question_16:

    Got you. Was there any benefits from the incentive compensation accruals either this quarter, maybe into the fourth quarter as well?

Question_17:

    Hello, guys, thanks. Just one quick thing and then a real question. So I just want to underscore something again, because it's a key controversy and, look, I'll be fair. I think what Steve said a moment ago is music to a lot of investors' ears. And I want to just replay to make sure I understand. So did you say that the past couple months in North America from a price promo investment perspective, we're a little bit more of a blip and that we should expect something like higher pricing that we saw in 2011 and 2012 going forward in North America?

Question_18:

    I appreciate that. That makes a lot of sense. And then a broader question, and I don't know how often you revisit this, but what do you think the Company has to grow volumes between now and 2020 to deliver on the 2020 vision, given some of the recent slowdown in volumes? And I guess in that context, do you think as a Company you have to acquire more to reach that vision?

Question_19:

    And from a difference of volume versus price mix to reach the system doubling goal, has it shifted at all between the two?

Question_20:

    Well, so to double the system sales by 2020, there is perhaps an ingoing assumption of what would be from volume and what would be from price mix. Has the recent global slowdown shifted that mix at all between volume growth and price mix growth to reach the doubling of sales?

Question_21:

    Hello, thanks, good morning. First question on China, can you talk about the acceleration, the pickup in volumes there, whether that was driven by any change in pricing or promotional levels? And what your outlook of a normalized run rate, because that region's just been so lumpy in terms of volume growth as we go into 2014, where's a base case of volume growth?
And then my second question is looking at the buyback program, the stock's on track for two years of relative under-performance, and we haven't seen that for a while and yet your target for buybacks hasn't changed since the beginning of the year. So I'm kind of surprised with the balance sheet you have, with the weakness in the stock, and certainly, Muhtar, with your resounding confidence about the long-term outlook, you're not getting more aggressive on the buyback here? Thanks.

