Answer_1:

    Sure, Bill. Good morning. This is Muhtar.
Let me first just take a step back and just say that, in a way, we've had a speed bump. We know it would have come on our road to 2020. We dealt with commodities and in 2011 and 2012. Volatility in weather has become a norm.
Uncertain economies -- internal, also execution issues caused us to under-perform versus our expectations in 2013. I'll start by saying that.
We have looked at everything. We have looked at our people, priorities, marketing, selling, and innovation, and we have refreshed our plans with a simple but scaled up set of priorities on marketing our brands, system execution by our franchisees and bottling partners and Company-owned bottlers, and on innovation of all kinds. Business models like the one that we recently announced with Green Mountain, brands, equipment, packaging, the lot.
Our long-term outlook is our performance algorithm which we have and will deliver going forward. And 2014 will be a year of steady improvement as we get back up to speed.
But make no mistake, our leadership team is confident, accountable. Our system will market well. We will sell well and we are going to achieve our 2020 Vision.
Now let me just take you through a quick tour of the world and I'll ask Ahmet also to comment. Starting with Asia, China is going to sustain its growth, India in terms of its macroeconomic outlook, and we will continue to benefit from that.
In India, there is elections coming up and usually when there are elections, there is a little bit of easing of fiscal discipline. That will play into a little bit of added disposable incomes.
In Southeast Asia, certainly we've seen quite a lot of political turmoil, especially in Thailand. That will -- as we go into 2014, my expectation is that, that will ease a little bit.
Indonesia, also there's an election coming up. But Indonesia is certainly having some macroeconomic issues that will probably continue into 2014. Philippines, we'll see a slightly improved outlook in the Philippines versus 2013.
In Japan, obviously everyone is looking very closely at the new policies of Prime Minister Abe's government. There's a new tax coming up. We'll see how that impacts but certainly we all feel -- that our operating in Japan -- feel that there is some hope for a little bit of more inflation in the economy that will benefit also businesses like ours. Although recently, the last economic numbers from Japan were a little bit below expectations.
Africa, youngest continent, we're very well-positioned. We feel that we will continue to grow well in the years to come in the African continent and benefit from also improvements in governance across the whole continent.
In Eurasia, there's elections coming up in Turkey. Lots of again political issues in the Middle East will continue.
Russia, all Russians can be very proud of the Olympics that are taking place. We will as we move forward -- and I was there in Russia, looking at some of the great activations that we've had in our Business -- and Russia, our Business will continue to grow in Russia with all the investments that we're making with our bottling partners.
Europe is a continued tale of two cities. If you take the southern zone, the high unemployment and low growth is going to continue but it's not going to get worse.
As far as northern Europe, Britain is certainly ahead of all the other economies in terms of the growth outlook. Germany also is in that area. We will continue to benefit from the robustness of policies in those two economies and the rest of the continent is somewhat behind Germany and England.
In Latin America, again, 2014 is going to be a year leading into an election in early 2015. We'll have also the benefit of the World Cup and our biggest ever activation globally on the World Cup. Southern Cone -- Argentina, Chile -- we should continue to see the benefit of all the programs we have in place and also continued inflationary environment in those two areas.
Mexico, President Pena Nieto's programs are taking effect, all the reforms. Long-term, that is a benefit to our Business, to the economy, to the people of Mexico. Again, as I said in my commentary, it's too early to say about the impact of the price increase we've had there.
So I hope that gives you a good tour of the world. Then finally, in terms of our flagship market in the United States, clearly the best right now, as far as we can see -- the best Western developed economy in the world, we think we will see slightly improved mobility in the United States in 2014 versus 2013. We hope that, that will also mean a little bit of increased spending for consumer products as we go into 2014.
So -- and again, we will benefit from all the robustness in our marketing programs and our increased expenditure and quality of marketing as we move into 2014 for our flagship market.
Ahmet, do you want to add some commentary?


    Yes, I'll add a few things to really compare some of these issues that have existed even last year, how they are different now. So for example emerging market currencies, when the first news on discontinuation of tapering came out last year around May or June, there was a bit of a shock in emerging markets.
We see that over the last seven or eight months, these emerging markets are finding ways to deal with it -- by no means it's certain, by no means it's perfect -- but it certainly feels a little bit more under control compared to when it first came up, and the interest rate and things like that have been baked into those expectations. So the message there is countries and our Business, we are finding ways to deal with that new reality of less liquidity coming out of the United States.
I would just add, Muhtar, to your comment on Europe north-south divide, that is very much true but we are beginning to see different shades of gray in the south as well. There are some encouraging signs in Spain; less so in Italy at this point in time, although there's a new prime minister there and we're hopeful with the new programs to be announced if they are.
And Eastern Europe -- it continues to struggle in terms of consumer confidence and economics. So North continues to do well and South is even showing different performance now.
The other point that, Muhtar, you mentioned, is political uncertainty. It's another common theme to many of our emerging markets. They eventually could impact the economic realities, but again, so far, in countries like Turkey and Thailand, it's been fine.
And let me, just, in the interest of giving time to other questions, let me just stop it here.


    Sandy, do you want to add any commentary to North America? It's important to say in North America that we believe in the North American market; we believe in the demographics; we believe this is a growth market.
We have grown in all but 2 quarters of the last 15 quarters in the United States. We believe we can do better and we're intent and resolutely focused on achieving that. Sandy?


    Thanks, Muhtar. We have a great Business in North America. Our focus in accelerating the Business is on our brands, on our customers, and on our capability.
I'm really happy to be working with Irial and Paul and all of our US bottlers. Irial Finan and Paul bring a tremendous amount of selling and executional energy that will help us build on our momentum.
On my end, over the last 6 to 7 weeks, Paul and I have met with our major customers, we've met with our bottlers, and we've gone through the brand plans in detail looking at opportunities to focus and strengthen them and to move resources to emphasize advertising and brand-building on our largest brands. With the plan in place, our focus as a system -- Irial, Paul, and I, and our bottlers -- is to improve all aspects of our execution whether it's marketing or sales or in the marketplace.
We believe as a result of that, that we will improve steadily over time, and we share the confidence that Muhtar expressed in the long-term health of North America. It's a great market, it will grow, and I think we can be confident about our long-term future there.

Answer_2:

    Bryan, thanks, and let me see if I can go through all of those. Let me start at the top.
When you're the industry leader, you have to believe in rational pricing and we believe we should get pricing for our brands because our brands are worth it and we would expect to have positive price mix this year to go with the volume that we will have this year. When you look at commodities, they're fairly benign from what we're seeing for 2014 so not a big deal.
Now let's say currency, among the worst we've seen in years. There's not a whole lot you can do about it when all the emerging market currencies melt down as they did earlier at the end of December, early January. With that said, let me be very clear. Ours is a growth business, is a business model that is built on growth, and we know that we cannot save our way to prosperity.
We will have productivity, but that productivity will be reinvested for growth. While we are reinvesting for growth in our marketing, we have -- our goals are also, in addition, while we're increasing the marketing, we will also have a goal and it is the goal for this year of hitting our long-term growth models this year. So we're going to significantly increase our marketing but at the same time the goal is we will hit long-term growth model this year.


    Right. Thank you.

Answer_3:

    John, this is Gary. Thanks for the question.
First, as Muhtar said in the prepared remarks, it's too early to tell what's going to happen in Mexico. We have planned around Mexico of what we believe is the most likely case, but we have a portfolio of brands that are marketed and sold across 200 countries, and our job is to manage that portfolio.
So unless something unforeseen should happen, the answer has to be yes. It includes what could happen in Mexico. If that changes, we'll update you obviously, but we're going on what we believe would happened today.


    And just to add to Gary's answer and to the second part of your question, John, I'll just tell you very simply that the Coca-Cola way is to grow our way to success. We invest for growth together with our bottling partners and we have the greatest system in the world.
We have a tremendous amount of experience to say that good marketing, good selling works for our Business. And it will work for our business. We have numerous cases to prove that.
We're going to continue to build on our marketing in both quantity and quality. This is a global increase in marketing.
In every country that we operate in, large or small, we know it works. When we invest in marketing, our global partners invest in feet-on-the-street, in more coolers, in more trucks, in more [lines], and that's what we see happening. That's what we will see, we believe, happening to our Business as we restore steady momentum in through 2014 and beyond.

Answer_4:

    Judy, it's Gary. Let me take the first part of that question on the fourth-quarter operating profit declined was down 12% in the fourth quarter. By the way, I know the answer to this one specifically because I asked the same question some time back and got into the minute detail on it.
100% of that change is because it's in all in OpEx, or primarily all in OpEx and it's what we're cycling from 2012. There were some incentive compensation accrual reversals in the fourth quarter of 2012 that did not happen in 2013. That cycling caused a significant change in OpEx swing year-on-year in the fourth quarter only and it's what swung North America to that 12% operating income loss.
So it's much more reasonable to actually look at North America, look at it for the full year, and you'll get a better picture of actual performance versus the fourth quarter. When you look at the full year, then you will see that is where we've got some challenges, as Muhtar said, around volume and particularly in sparkling -- around diets and lights. But that's what we're specifically on.


    Yes, just let me add to in terms of the outlook, and that is that, as I said, we are confident about and excited about, first, our performance our algorithm worldwide. But also in terms of steady improvement as we get back up to speed in the United States and that will -- when we start restoring the momentum in the United States, which we believe is going to happen, that will also bring the financial results that we will be happier with as we move into 2014 and beyond.
It's going to take a while. This is not an immediate fix but we know that it's going to be a steady improvement.

Answer_5:

    Can't give you the specifics on the geographic mix, Judy, but as we announced, it's about $1 billion by 2016. And it is a global number.
Again, there will be a good distribution. We will be again also looking and tracking through franchise leadership, resulting also system increase in investment in all the key markets.


    Yes. See you Friday. Thanks.

Answer_6:

    Thanks, Dara. Sandy, you want to take the (multiple speakers) and then, Irial, you want to comment?


    The key to the North America growth algorithm is investing in our brands and our feet-on-the-street. A key element to that is getting our pricing so that we can have the revenue to be able to reinvest in sustainable growth.
Where we've had issues over the years, in my experience, in North America, is when we did not get the price we needed, when our marketing execution was not what it need to be, and therefore the feet-on-the-street started to get reduced and ultimately it hurt sustainable growth. Our plan going forward, and it's going to take some time, and we're focused on improving it, is to make sure that we get the price and that we execute the marketing well and feed the feet-on-the-street, which creates the virtuous cycle in the United States just like it does around the world. Irial, do you want to add to that?


    The only comment I'd say -- Muhtar already mentioned that we are an industry leader. And industry leaders have to set the tone in terms of price, in terms of how to market the brand in any given markets.
Actually less than 50 days in to my new involvement in North America, I'm really excited about the future. I'm excited about the enthusiasm, the passion of our people, our job -- mine, Paul's, Sandy's -- is really to make sure that excitement translates into performance and to results.
As Sandy said, it's not going to happen overnight. I feel we've already started on the journey, and over the next quarters and next couple of years, you will see very positive momentum in our market in North America.

Answer_7:

    Yes. Nothing different than before. So no change.
We're obviously very excited with our new opportunities for consumption as will be brought to us by the partnership with Green Mountain over time. The key is to fuel the power of partnerships.
The Coca-Cola Company and system is an incredible integration of power of partnerships in every respect. And therefore, this is yet another one. So think about -- if you look at household consumption, in particular the Western markets, there's a tremendous opportunity to gain incremental consumption occasions for our brands through these kind of partnerships.
This is what the Green Mountain partnership is all about. When you look at how beverages are consumed at home and when you look at trends in the next 10 years, people are going to spend more time at home.
They're going to work more from home. Home is going to be an even more important place for people, for consumers. And we need to be present there with different technologies, different packaging, different ways to serve our brands, and that's why this is important and partnerships like these are going to be important for us over time going forward.
Our thinking has not really evolved or changed in terms of bolt-on acquisitions. If we see opportunities, we will get them, like Innocent, like [Oshan] and so forth. And we will continue to seek new power partnerships -- to leverage new power partnerships also going into the remaining part of our 2020 Vision for the next six years.

Answer_8:

    First, Ali, I disagree with you. We have a great portfolio of brands; we have a great system, the best consumer product system in the world; and I believe that our programs will work and have worked.
We've significantly outperformed and grown since 2010. Yes, we've had a speed bump and certainly that makes us even more focused and more resolute to continue on our road to 2020.
We have -- I will share at CAGNY on Friday, the real reasons why we believe in our future. And so that's all I would say.

Answer_9:

    I understand. I understand it's easy for people to have very short memories. But we have the experience and we know what we are doing and we will continue to do what we believe and we are focused and we will execute the best and we will achieve our 2020 Vision.
That's what this is all about. So that's what I will say.
And we have talked about pricing. You've heard my colleagues also talk about pricing. And we don't want to repeat ourselves.


    Thank you, Gary, Ahmet, Sandy, Irial, and Jackson. We've delivered sound full-year financial results. We're implementing the strategic actions that will enable us to restore momentum in 2014 and we see many reasons to believe that we can accelerate our growth over time, achieve our long-term growth model targets, and realize our 2020 Vision.
Our global beverage industry is healthy. The trends that have historically fueled it continue to be strong, and our global systems' commitment and reach are unparalleled. This commitment has never wavered and the strategic decisions that we have made over recent years have not only enabled us to deliver solid financial results, they've also advanced our competitive position, enhanced our capabilities, and strengthened our resolve as a global system to achieve our 2020 Vision.
That is our promise to our investors, to our customers, to our consumers, and the daily objective of the more than 700,000 associates of the Coca-Cola system all around the world. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our Company, and for joining us this morning.

