Question_1:

    Can you please talk about the outlook geography-by-geography and then maybe how the pace of growth is going to differ between volume and pricing given some of the big currency moves and also obviously the tax in Mexico? I have a follow-up if I could?

Question_2:

    Just a follow-up to Bill's question, if we think about 2014 there's a lot of moving parts, with exchange rates and some of the volatility in emerging markets. Gary, could you talk a little bit about how we should think about currency-neutral and also maybe neutral of the effects of structural change?
Are you still looking at a currency-neutral on-algorithm year in operating profits? And also just some of the other major drivers behind volume that might influence that cost of goods sold inflation, price mix, country mix, that sort of thing? That would be helpful?

Question_3:

    Just one quick follow-up to Gary's question and then a question for Muhtar or Gary to answer, rather. Gary, does that include a Mexico impact in hitting your long-term algorithm program in 2014?
Then Muhtar, responding to Gary's question about ramping up the marketing, how do we view -- there's a sense out there in the market that given the headwinds for the category, that adding more marketing could be pushing on a string, so to speak. So what is it that you're seeing that says these headwinds that you are facing can be offset with higher marketing? Thanks.

Question_4:

    A few questions. First, just the North America, Gary, the profitability decline in fourth quarter was pretty surprising. So maybe you could give us a little bit color in terms of the components of the profit decline in North America?
Just broadly in North America from a profitability perspective, the Business hasn't really grown since the acquisition of the bottlers. So as you think about the next couple of years, thinking about the refranchising opportunities, and all the productivity savings, are we at a point where we can actually see growth in this Business from a profitability perspective in 2014, or is this more of a transition year still with the investment that's going on?

Question_5:

    And just in terms of the media investments, is there any color you can give us in terms of the breakdown by regions, by categories? Is North America likely to get a disproportionate amount in terms of the media spending increase in 2014?

Question_6:

    I also wanted to touch on profit in North America. It sounds like, in 2013, you view the profit challenges as more driven from a volume perspective, but given that diet soft drinks worries seem to be more secular around longer-term health concerns, I'm just wondering if going forward, you may manage more for profitability and lean more on pricing than driving volume growth. Is there any change as you look at the algorithm between pricing and volume and which metric you'll focus on going forward?

Question_7:

    Okay, and then Muhtar, post the investment in Green Mountain, I was just hoping to get an update on how important a role acquisitions might play in meeting your 2020 Vision goals. You mentioned the focus on partnerships earlier in the call -- I was hoping you could elaborate there? And if acquisitions are a greater priority here given some of the difficult macro conditions and a somewhat favorable environment with your healthy balance sheet and still low rates here?

Question_8:

    The frustration I'm hearing from many investors and a lot of questions on this call is just that there's a feeling that the Company isn't doing enough to change itself, despite that the world around it has clearly changed and many, like us, believe secularly. There is continued emphasis on the Coca-Cola way and history, which is respectable in volumes, market share, spending even more on marketing, blaming some short-term externalities. But it's been a little while now that we've seen tougher volumes, North America profit pool continues to shrink, there's only $1 billion cost savings, when some of your competitors are doing more [only] from a pro rata basis. There is limited movement on refranchising your health innovations so far.
So might the Company ever believe that it needs to focus on new levers of shareholder value creation, like pricing up even more, lower promotions, massive cost cutting, big portfolio or innovation change, and indeed returning more cash to shareholders? I know there's lots there, but should investors expect bigger, bolder change at KO to meet this truly different world and if so what should specifically should we be looking forward to, to just sharing in your confidence about the story, or should we just expect the same status quo, going forward?

Question_9:

    But I don't disagree with you about the strength of the brands at all actually, Muhtar. And I don't disagree with you about the strength of the system. I'm just looking at the results and I'm trying to figure out whether enough is changing, enough is different and whether you guys actually do you the world as different enough and so you're taking action but I actually don't disagree with you--?

