Question_1:

    Good morning, and congratulations again, Gary and Kathy. 

Question_2:

    Muhtar, if you could talk about what gives you the confidence that Coke can hit its long-term growth algorithm in 2014 specifically? And also, when you look at the improving momentum here in the first quarter, how much would you attribute to any relief you are seeing in external headwinds versus the impact of the internal actions that you are taking? Thanks. 

Question_3:

    Hello, good morning, and Gary and Kathy both, congratulations to both of you. 

Question_4:

    So just wanted to drill in a little bit further on Latin America, and I guess, sort of three topics. One, in Mexico with volumes, the volume decline was a little bit less than we thought. So if you could talk about whether what we are seeing now is sort of the expected elasticity? Or if there is something else in the future that might change the elasticity, so has the consumer really seen the full effect of the pricing? 
And then second, if you could talk a little bit about some of the drivers of price mix in the Latin America segment in the quarter, how much of it was driven by Venezuela? And then finally, just in terms of the Brazil comp being better sequentially, how much of that do you think is just that -- maybe the consumer is a little bit better? Was there anything specific that Coke did in the first quarter to drive that better performance in Brazil? 

Question_5:

    As we're modeling price mix in Latin America, just going forward, there is some price mix in there that is positive excluding Venezuela? I guess, that is what I was after. 

Question_6:

    Thank you very much, and Gary, it has been great over the last 14 years. So best of luck, as you move forward, and Kathy, looking forward to working with you as well. 

Question_7:

    Gary, I had to finish off with sort of one accounting question here. So you drove tremendous SG&A leverage in the quarter, and you talked a little bit about sort of how you haven't put a whole lot of marketing spend to work yet. 
So can you walk us through maybe how we should think about the sales curve over the next couple of quarters, and what we should look for on the SG&A line as we look to model out the balance of the year? Thanks. 

Question_8:

    Okay. And then, Muhtar, if I could ask you a follow-up question on -- you talked about the strength of the bottling system. And obviously, the equity income line is getting hit by FX, but we have seen some comments from Amatil, in terms of what is going on there. And then, also SAB talked about cutting some positions in their soft drink business. 
Can you just talk a little bit about the mood of the bottlers and what they are seeing now? And how we should look at some of the headwinds they are facing in the shorter-term? And how that maybe will differ with what happens in the longer-term there? Thank you. 

Question_9:

    Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and I also echo my congratulations to Kathy. And Gary, it has been great. We will miss you. 

Question_10:

    So just wanted to maybe delve a little bit into Europe in the quarter. And the question, number one, just relating to Great Britain. Obviously, sparkling being down double-digits, if you can give us some context of trends that you have seen throughout the quarter? And sort of strip out some of the one-off factors with respect to the Easter timing, as well as some of the transition into the 1.75-liter packaging, and whether you are seeing some improvement there? 
And then, just in terms of southern Europe, we are hearing more from some of the consumer companies that things are trending a little bit better in markets like Spain and Portugal. So maybe you can also just give us whether we are seeing a similar improvement for your business in that part of Europe? 

Question_11:

    Okay. Great. And then, if I can follow-up on North America, just on the pricing side. So sparkling up 2% seems encouraging, but the broader North American pricing kind of being flattish. How should we think about that going forward? Do you expect to see the still pricing being a little bit more pressured, or do we see improvement there going forward, for the broader North American pricing turning positive? 

Question_12:

    Good morning. I was wondering if you could comment on the performance of your key markets in Asia, and particularly China and Indonesia. The China volumes have rebounded quite strongly now for two or three quarters, and I was just hoping you could shed some light on what has been driving that? Was it the new strategies and the new team that has been put in place there, whether that is all paying off, or whether it is really mostly due to relatively low comparison basis still? 
And then, a similar question on Indonesia, volumes continue to be strong there. I am just wondering what is driving that? 

Question_13:

    And in Indonesia, could you just comment similarly? 

Question_14:

    Good morning. First, Gary, congrats on a great run, and best wishes on the farm, and congrats to Kathy also. 

Question_15:

    And Muhtar, I was hoping to discuss if your expectations have changed at all here over the last year, just regarding the long-term growth potential of the sparkling category? Not necessarily from a market share front, but more just in terms of category growth? 
And if one looks at industry data, it looks like sparkling trends slowed more in 2013 than we have seen in other CPG categories. So I was just hoping for some perspective on that, the drivers behind it, and expectations going forward? 

Question_16:

    Okay. And on the innovation front in the US, can you give us a bit more detail in terms of maybe potential timing of sweetener innovation? And how impactful you think natural sweeteners could be to your top line results eventually? 

