Answer_1:

          Thanks, Judy. Again, just to quickly go through the quarter, as you said, volume was up 3%, sparkling volume really importantly was up 2%, and brand Coca-Cola up globally in North America. Those are really three important points. 
Also, another quarter of value market share gains, I think more than 25 consecutive -- 28 to be exact -- consecutive quarters of gaining value share. You see us having at, with our system, very clear focus on priorities. We had our entire global bottling system get together with us a couple -- a few months ago, and again a recommitment to the focus on our priorities. 
Sequential improvement in a lot of large markets, particularly Europe, France, Germany, Great Britain, Italy, Spain. And good results, very strong results out of Eurasia and Africa and improving in Nigeria, South Africa, Turkey, improvement again if you take Asia-Pacific. Again very strong quarter in China as well as in India, double-digit growth in India, Thailand again saw --. 
So if you take all of those margins that are improving, gross margin has improved in the quarter compared to the prior year. Clear path on North America franchising. Strong belief that what we're doing is working in our system, is really important. Good bottler alignment. Yes, there are a few exceptions, but there always have been and will be, and more work to be done. 
I am the first to say we operate in a very volatile global environment, both politically and economically. China is slowing down is impacting many commodity exporting countries and from Africa to Latin America. But overall, what we're doing is working: more marketing through productivity gains, better marketing. 
We mentioned Share a Coke program in over 80 markets, tremendous leverage on our World Cup program in more than 170 markets with probably the biggest activation that we have ever had. And all this will not generally have an impact on the quarter that you spend in. It comes in after with better incidence, better brand loyalty, better purchasing time that we're all seeing. 
What is happening in North America in terms of sparkling price mix also, you can see that we have a very disciplined approach both in the United States and globally where we have been able to achieve a 2% price mix on a global basis. And yes, there was Easter shift, but at the same time, our gallon shipments were below our unit case volume for the quarter. And if you say that would be a -- neutralize the benefit that we may have got from Easter, then I think overall we feel pretty confident with, again, the caveat that we need to do a lot more work and continue to do a lot more work, more focus, better execution. 
But the five priorities are working, and early shoots, green shoots. And we expect that the balance of the year, as I mentioned in my script, that we should be able to fall within the corridor of the long-term growth targets. 
And again, there may be issues along the way, bumps along the way. But the most important thing is that we are resolutely focused on continuing to build momentum here. 

Answer_2:

          I will say a few things and pass it over to Sandy, but all I will say is take note of the fact that a very big portion, percentage, 60% to be exact, of the growth came from smaller packages. That is obviously an enhancement of the mix driving revenue, but also rate. 
So, I will ask Sandy and then maybe Irial if he has any commentary on North America, but we are operating with tremendous diligence and the discipline in the marketplace. And success for us is a combination of both the growth that we have on the volume, but importantly also growth in transactions which is a really good litmus test of the success of the business that is coming more into play each day as we progress. Sandy? 


          Thanks, Muhtar; hello, Judy. 
We said at the beginning of the year that our focus in North America was going to be a disciplined combination of volume and price and that we would see that as a strategic priority. And the second quarter really reflects that; 3% price mix on sparkling while achieving volume growth on Coke. And Muhtar mentioned the importance of smaller packages in driving that outcome. It is also important in driving growth because consumers want more smaller packages, and we've been working on developing that as a part of our overall strategy. 
So lots of discipline. As we look ahead, we are lapping some very promotional activity in the third quarter of last year, and our discipline will remain. And the bottlers in the Company around the country are focusing on marketing and selling our way through and maintaining an extraordinary amount of discipline on pricing, and we are optimistic that we will be able to hold that strategy. 


          Yes, it is Irial. All I can add is really repeat what Sandy said, and I have said in the last three calls now, which is we really are focused on building a long-term sustainable business. That is mixing pricing and volume and transactions in a very balanced way and coming up with a great result for our Company. And we will do that, and we continue to do it. 


          Yes, the only thing I would add here also, Judy, is that I think we see a path forward to being able to build more romance with the brand through smaller packages. And that is really an important element in what is also being discussed. 

Answer_3:

          Yes, Kathy? 


          Hi John, and thanks for the question. 
The Venezuela impact, yes, that is a two penny drag on a comparable EPS, as well as reported EPS. So if you look at Venezuela, you take it in two pieces; there is currency impact as well as impact of the provision. The provision is less bolivar nominated revenue because of capital margins, and it is gone straight to the bottom line. And then the FX is, the impact is because, as well, we do not have as much bolivar-denominated revenue in income. So you could split those two pieces, and yes, it is comparable, as well as as reported. 

Answer_4:

          So I would split the question into two, and Ahmet will help answer with it, but the margins in Latin America have been impacted this quarter by the Venezuela provision. And then when you look at ongoing buying growth in contribution into the Company, I will let Ahmet -- 


          John, a couple of points. The rest of Latin America, the margin and the growth in profitability overall is in a good direction. No important issues there. Also keep in mind that we've been able to realize positive price mix in high-margin places like Europe, and we have been able to grow in Japan, so we are able to balance across the international territory to have positive price mix and margins. 


          John, just to add, I think yes, you are right in saying that Latin America has slowed down to where it traditionally has been. And we have seen these cyclical slowdowns in Latin America. 
And as some parts will get better, I think, starting towards the end of the year, we also see some other volatility, continued volatility in like Argentina and other markets. But overall, I think for most of what we are cycling as well, we expect major markets in Latin America to have some sequential improvement in the second half of this year. And then overall longer-term, we feel very confident also about what is lying ahead in Latin America. 

Answer_5:

          Okay, hi Brian, thanks for your question. 
Our outlook for leverage in the currency neutral basis remains flat to slightly positive. When you think about gross margins, so gross margins have improved for the second quarter and year-to-date. And when we look at -- when we look at our margins for the back half of the year, we delivered sound financial results, and we anticipate that we will continue to deliver sound financial results for the rest of the quarter -- for the back half of the year. And we do anticipate that margins will continue to in the same way they have been in the first half of the year. 

Answer_6:

          Yes, we are continuing to invest behind our brands. So yes, that is part of the leverage story. But that is causing the North America from negative -- slight negative leverage in North America because we are spending behind our brand. So, we are getting pricing and we are committed to rational pricing, so we're getting pricing which is helping us with the margins the gross margin, but we are continuing to invest behind our brands. 


          Just add to that, Bryan, if you look at the second quarter compared to the first quarter, marketing is substantially higher in the second quarter than it is in the first quarter, and particularly towards the back end of the second quarter, substantially higher. So, that explains some of the things again, what Kathy was saying, but also our productivity is on target. It has been on target for the first half of the year and will be on target for the second half. 

Answer_7:

          Yes Michael, it is Muhtar here, and I will ask Ahmet to provide additional commentary. 
Think of Brazil as having a very tough macro environment in the first half. So if you look at the entire consumer disposable and non-disposable consumer goods sectors, we are under tremendous duress in the first half of the year, particularly leading up to -- particularly -- more so in the second quarter. 
Think of it this way -- had it not been, the result would not have been what it would've been had we not done all that activity. So from that perspective, I think we see brand getting stronger, incidents and purchase intent getting stronger in Brazil as a result of all the activity, and I think that should benefit us going forward in Brazil. 
So certainly the macro environment in Brazil, as you can read, as we can all see, has been very challenging. And so given that backdrop, I think, our results -- we're content with where we are, and we believe that what we have done will benefit us in the second half and going forward. In terms of Mexico, I think both times prices were adjusted, they included a certain portion for also inflation, so take it as that. But again, I will ask Ahmet to provide any further commentary for both Brazil and Mexico. 


          Thanks Muhtar. 
On Brazil, the only thing I would add Michael is that we had a pricing packaging architecture which allows us to have different tax both for immediate and future consumption at different price points, and we are executing those with great discipline. And that in fact is helping us navigate this challenging external environment. 
And we expect that to continue to bear fruits in the third and fourth quarters along with the strong marketing programs we have. With respect to Mexico, the only other thing I would add is that we do have a not just passing the tax and the inflation, but a consumer-driven pricing approach which has been very carefully calculated, and the elasticity that we have calculated in reality are happening better than that we have expected. So in other words, our Mexican business is showing more resilience in this area. 

Answer_8:

          I think success for us is certainly continuing our value share gains. You cannot obviously -- only value share gains without volume is not sustainable over the long term, but we have a very disciplined approach just like in North America, also for our international business related to more smaller packaging. 
So the mix will benefit us, but also very importantly it is critical for us to achieve price mix on a global scale. Different geographies will again price differently into the picture. We have such disparate pricing per case depending on the geography we're talking about, so geographic mix is an important piece of this, as is package mix, as is rate. 

Answer_9:

          I will just say that once again, smaller size packs contributed significantly to, say, brand Coca-Cola volume and revenue growth into Q2 and year-to-date as a matter fact. So, if you take over 60% of the growth in brand Coca-Cola in Q2 was driven by double-digit growth in our mini can and 16-ounce immediate consumption packages, I think that is how I would like to leave you with -- that is what I would like to leave you with as an opportunity. 

Answer_10:

          Yes I will take the last first. The strategy is driven by what consumers want, and that is not just a phenomenon for the United States but smaller packages are a key focus. So that helps the mix. That helps the revenue. That helps also the price mix. 
Then, couple that with a very disciplined approach towards also having the right balance between value and volume share gains. And so it is really important. 
In terms of concentration of volume growth, I think the important thing is for you to focus on the improvements from quarter to quarter. If you take key geographies like Europe, France had an improvement, Germany had an improvement, Great Britain had a significant improvement. 
Italy had a significant improvement, Spain had a significant improvement, and Europe overall had a huge improvement when you look at total. And again, this is just pure simply for volume, and if you look at pricing earnings, you will get also a similar picture. 
So I think focus on the sequential improvements. Focus on us delivering on our focused priorities. And so what I see is that we will strive, and diligently strive to continue with sequential improvement, building momentum as we go forward. And I also mentioned as an answer to a previous question that I thought that in Latin America, we would also see sequential improvement. 

Answer_11:

          Well we announced significant cost cuts over the last four or five years, different programs. And as I mentioned earlier, again we are on target with our productivity. And that productivity is being reinvested to drive growth. 

Answer_12:

          I will talk about a couple of levers, and then ask Irial to join me. The growth and profitability in North America, the major opportunity exists in pricing and the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the system. 
We talked about price as a lever and an area of discipline and focused, and price is achieved through rate as you know, and also mix. And a whole lot of innovation is going on inside of packaging to give consumers what they want and to earn a return as a result of that. 
Couple that with our overall system architecture work, which Muhtar described earlier which is on track as we overhaul IT, product supply, as we overhaul customer management and shared services. And the refranchising progress which is on track with our bottlers, will create a system that is on one hand more effective and grows faster and on another level is more efficient at generating better margins. 
But at the end of the day, that combination needs to be built on accelerating growth. And the focus of the near-term has been to reinvest the proceeds into marketing to rebuild brand momentum and brand momentum at price point. We're optimistic about the progress, but we have a lot more work to do. 


          Yes, the only add I would give is [we're in] to the bottling houses, we remain absolutely committed to deliver one of our core priorities, which is excellence and execution in the marketplace. And as every day goes by, I get more comfortable that we are starting to do things better every day, every time we go to an outlet. 
And fundamentally that is the other piece that gives us the capability to get extra price and mix in the marketplace, and we will continue to do that. And it is a journey. It is not turning the light switch on. It happens day by day, weak by weak, month by month. 
I feel pretty good that over the next number of years, our capability in the marketplace, married with great marketing, is going to deliver the price mix we all desire. And that is why the discipline in remaining focused on price mix married with transaction growth and married with volume is why we feel confident about the North American business over the long-term. 

Answer_13:

          Yes Bill, I think in the UK most of that loss was in Q1. If you look at Q2, we have had sequential improvement in the UK. And we expect that going forward in both Mexico and in Brazil that more minor losses to the B brands and local players will reverse themselves in the course of the year. 
And we already see that happening in both markets. I think that was the difficult operating environment in Brazil in terms of also us having discipline in our pricing, and the same goes for also Mexico. 

Answer_14:

          And very transitory. 

Answer_15:

          Yes, two things. Spending increased as we moved through the quarter, and there was much more spending at the end of the quarter than there was at the beginning of the quarter. And therefore you would expect that not all of that benefit is going to flow, obviously, into the quarter. And this is again about generating long-term sustainable momentum, which we believe is happening. 
Again I want to remind everyone that I am pleased with these results in a difficult operating environment. And to get growth back into sparkling is a significant achievement, to get growth back into Coca-Cola in the world globally and in the United States is a significant achievement, and we will continue to focus on where we need to be quarter after quarter, one quarter at a time. I just want to say that I believe our approach is working. 

Answer_16:

          Yes, Kevin. 
Obviously, I cannot walk you through a wish list; that would be too much information to the whole market and everyone that plays in the market. But I would say our portfolio is really very rich, as you saw as from our $17 billion brand and so many more in the pipeline. 
And again, our sparkling brands have really performed well on a global basis. Sprite and Fanta and Schweppes in addition to Coca-Cola. So, all of that tells me that what we're doing in different brands and creating more incidents, more transactions is working. 
And you heard the numbers that I mentioned in tea both in the US and globally, in premium waters, in juice and juice drinks, in sports drinks, all of that. We are pleased with a much richer portfolio than we had, say, three years ago. And that portfolio is again yielding very good results, particularly, also, Simply in the juice category, [Dasani], Innocent, all those different brands. Del Valle across the world yielding very good results, and also in China too, and southeast Asia with new innovations that are really working well for us in both the fusion of dairy and juice, as well as pulpy drinks and  also juice and juice drinks. 


          And on the second part of your question, yes, I believe the Company has always been very focused on driving long-term sustainable growth. And we have done that in a very consistent and disciplined way. We are very focused on reinvesting in the business and to accelerate growth and create value. I believe we focus on making sure we have share repurchase and we do give a healthy dividend back, but we will continue basically like we've been going with focusing on driving long-term growth. 


          Thank you Kathy, Ahmet, Sandy, Irial and Jackson. The performance year to date, progress against each of our strategic priorities and the positive signs that we are seeing in many global markets all illustrate our view that the 2020 vision and strategic plans are solid. 
Proof points are out there. 3% growth in the quarter, global price mix of 2%, increased global media spending reflecting our confidence in building on the strength of our brands and also in our ability to engage our consumers and customers effectively, and global year-to-date value share growth in our categories. 
And so we are winning in the vibrant beverage industry and also coupled with sound financial performance during the first half of the year. So we're making steady progress. And we are where we are expected to be at this stage in the year. 
I look forward to providing all of you with additional updates as we continue to restore our global momentum in the months ahead. Thank you for your time this morning and for your continued interest and trust in the Coca-Cola Company. 

