Answer_1:

          First, just at a very high level, 10,000 feet, 2015, we expect the macro environment to even become a little more volatile versus 2013 and 2014, as the microeconomic vagaries get worse in certain parts of the world. Rate of interest, currency, certainly, will add to the volatility. 
Growth gap will -- in some part versus other parts -- are going to grow. Take, for example, the United States and Great Britain, two large western economies, starting the year 2015 strong, whereas the eurozone, Japan, and most of the emerging world starting the year slower. 
So there is this gap and some catching up to do. We're gaining share across the world in sparkling juices, important categories. The industry -- we see some evidence that there's some things that are working for us, but we need to be cautious and take it quarter-by-quarter. That's really important. 
As far as Latin America is concerned,  Colombia seems to continue to do really well as an economy.  There's some more lifting to do in Mexico and Brazil and south cone, but I was recently in Latin America, and our business there continues to -- we have a fantastic group of bottling partners investing for the short- and long-term growth and we continue to gain share. We have a very strong package product channel segmentation and architecture in pricing, competitive, but at the same time, great revenue growth management strategies working there. 
Europe, as per the last quarter, quarter four, which we are just reporting on, the southern European countries continue to be challenged. Germany, our business was very much in the positive. Northern Europe was a better environment for us than the south and Eastern Europe is again challenged by some of the macro volatility that spills over across from the east. So that's how we would see them. 
Asia, we're still very bullish, and Africa. You see the actions we've taken related to reorganizing our bottling structure to even better suit the growth potential and the opportunities, there, in both Indonesia, the fourth most populous nation in the world, as well as the very dynamic 1 billion-plus consumers in Africa. 

Answer_2:

          Yes. When you look at LRB or nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverages, Bryan, what you would see, probably, is maybe 100 basis points less growth versus the previous years, but, it's again, anybody's guess as to how quickly some of these economies are going to come back. 
We have definitely those contingencies built in. Maybe I can refer to Ahmet to give you a few more snapshots of the world in terms of micro and macro picture? Ahmet? 


          Thanks, Muhtar. Bryan, the only thing I would add to Muhtar's characterization is that volatility comes on top of a slowdown, but what's working for us, is that we are getting more and more traction on our plans and programs working with our bottlers. I was in about four or five different countries over the last couple of weeks. 
Even though we witness economic volatility or uncertainty, even in even in Northern Europe, yes there is quantitative easing, yes, there is lower oil prices, but it is uncertain yet whether the consumer will really benefit from that. But even within that, our plans that address the right pricing and packaging and the right level of media investments and our alignment with our bottling system, is giving us confidence that we could actually weather this volatility in line with the guidance that has been provided. 
There are a couple of bright spots, too. I was in India, probably one country where there is a lot of optimism inside the country in terms of economic development. As you know, we have an incredible momentum in India over the last seven or eight years, especially last year. Our plans continue to build on each other from year-to-year. 
I was in Brazil. Again, a similar story. After the elections, there was some cautious optimism and that caution side of that continues. There's still a bit of optimism, but we do continue to deliver our results despite that environment. As you know, Brazil had a mid-single-digit growth over the end of the quarter. 
Yes, it was cycling better numbers from last year, but we've also had very strong share gains in Brazil. So I would say that is our story. There is volatility on top of a slowdown, but we do have traction with our plans and programs in the marketplace with close alignment with our bumpers. 


          Bryan, last thing I would add to what Ahmet and what I had said earlier, to your question about does it make sense to invest in media and marketing, and the answer is, absolutely, yes. When we are able to target our investments in media and the way we are doing it, segmenting them by the different countries and the different regions of the world and improving not just the quantity but also the quality of the media, that's one of the main important factors that we see driving a better revenue number, a better price mix number. So the two are really connected and that's what I really want to -- gaining share, improving on the top line through all the actions we're taking, of which targeted media, increased and improved quality media, is one of those. 

Answer_3:

          I'll let Irial answer that question, and then also, Sandy will add flavor to that, too. 


          Good morning, Judy. The most important thing is, four quarters ago, Sandy and I spoke on the topic and we reiterated our belief in having balanced price mix volume growth in North America. We've delivered on that in every quarter this year and our plan is to deliver again next year in the same way. 
In terms of your question on mix and headline price, it's a balance approach. Yes, in the fourth quarter last year, we were trending some lower numbers where we had some promotional activity, but when you look over the half-year, as Muhtar said, we grew pricing 4%. 
So we feel very good about the actions we are taking. We're feeling very good about how the trade is reacting and more importantly, we are feeling very good that our marketing and our execution are coming together in a way that really adds incremental value to our system. I will maybe ask Sandy to add to that. Sandy? 


          Good morning, Judy. As Irial said, it's a consistent strategy. The strategy is [born] of where the consumer wants us to go. The consumer is buying smaller special packages of our sparkling beverage brands and accelerating that purchase and we're seeing the kind of mix benefit from that, that you describe. 
But that couples with a disciplined approach to rate and volume. Because in the end, what we're trying to do is expand the value and usefulness of our brands and create value for our customers. Through the consistent execution of that strategy, we are seeing, in 2014, a solid year, but a year of improving performance through the year, and we will continue to pursue that disciplined strategy in 2015. 

Answer_4:

          Okay, Judy. Our commodities environment for 2015, commodities we expect really to be benign for us, right? There are some that are absolutely favorable, but then we have other challenges, and depending on -- not a North America, but outside of North America, we also have impact of secondary exchange embedded into our commodities. So we really anticipate it being more of a benign commodity environment  for us versus having any significant benefit from it. 

Answer_5:

          We're all going to watch what's happening with quantitative easing, John, in Europe, 18 months of the planned amount, EUR60 billion a month kicking in, whether that will have an impact or not, we will watch and see. Stability is the keyword for Europe, as we go into 2015, so not getting much worse, and in some areas, continued volatility. 
South Europe is going to continue certainly to be challenged, so I don't think there's going to be suddenly a lifting of the cloud for the consumers in the southern belt of Europe. German -- the current exchange rates will help exporting countries, for sure. How soon will that trickle in related to Germany, related to other export markets from Europe? 
But that's a positive. Quantitative easing is a positive. The notion that most consumers now are used to this environment and feel that it is not going to get much worse; it may get a little better because of the QE. 
So we'll have to see. But we think that it will continue to be challenged, and then you've got, of course, the whole political environment to, basically, weave into the equation. That political environment is something that is an unknown for us all. 
That's how I would see. As far as growth, yes, there will be pockets of growth in Europe and there will be continued pockets of challenges. What we see -- we have very strong plans in place with our bottling partners for growth in Europe and we will see how -- we have all kinds of contingencies built into the plan in Europe, also, and we're going to take it quarter-by-quarter. 

Answer_6:

          Sure, John. For 2016, we are also hedged on our major currencies at this point, and also have some on other currencies, as well. So we will manage the impact and we are at pretty good rates at this point with our hedging, so basically we don't think that there is a relative issue at this point. 

Answer_7:

          Steve, this is Muhtar. Good morning again. As far as the rate versus mix, it's basically completely dependent on the country and the environment and the region. There's no trend globally. This is, on average, this much rate and this much -- it all depends on our price/pack channel architecture, our position in our market, the strength of our brand, how effective is our marketing driving the results that we need, which is all work in progress. 
So it all depends, and I will let Sandy comment on the United States on that, but it's very much dependent on the region and dependent on the country and dependent on the circumstances. That's really what I would say. Sandy, you want to just address the United States part of that question? 


          Sure. Our strategy in the US is, again, as Irial said, very consistent. We view there to be a significant upside pricing opportunity in the sparkling beverage category. We are driving that with significant investments in brand building and execution of a bright package architecture that will expand margins for our system and also for our customers. That involves a very healthy rate program. 
But at the same time, we are executing with a tremendous amount of energy, multiple proprietary and other small packages that the consumer is buying at accelerating rates. For example, mini cans increased by 15% in the fourth quarter and that's us following the consumer to smaller package sizes of the brands they love. That combination of rate and mix is creating a good balance with volumes to a healthy top-line growth picture. 


          Steve, just on your question on productivity, I would say to you that the reorg and how we are flattening the Organization and the number of announced cuts were all part of the program, totally part of the program, so, there's nothing that has it's just been executed. That's all. 
We stand by what Kathy said in the modeling call in December. We are on track with the $500 million-plus piece of the productivity program for 2015 and we are on track with that. But just to emphasize, all of what you see, what you hear, what you read, was part of the program. 

Answer_8:

          Just quickly on the last piece of your question, it was part of the initial $2 billion. Then, as far as the rate increases, I'll defer to Ahmet if you want to just refer to that part of the question. 


          On markets like EAG, we price in line with inflation. We may be slightly below inflation, slightly ahead of time. You should expect to see consistent rate increase more or less in that range. 
Fourth quarter for EAG was a bit of an anomaly. There was a geographic mix impact that was driven by cycling of [jobend] shipments, so if you look at full-year price mix realization at EAG, it's a healthy 4 point, so, I wouldn't look at Q4 to draw any conclusions. 

Answer_9:

          Ali, just on a broad-based answer to your question, it's really critical that we balance the needs in the marketplace and the need for us to be healthy in the marketplace on a both medium- and long-term basis. That's why we hold accountable all our business unit presidents for local currency. We're very happy with our progress so far, with what we are doing with our productivity initiatives and what the current results are for those productivity initiatives, so far. Early days. 
But we certainly are looking to do more where it makes sense. But one thing you will not see us is taking, basically, actions in the marketplace that weakens our position for the medium and long term. That's the critical piece that I want to stress. 

Answer_10:

          We work with all the different levers that are available to us, how our better marketing, more marketing is working, driving results, how the investments are working, that we're putting in the marketplace with our bottling partners, our basic brand strength in the marketplace. All of those things. Essentially, in terms of commodities, again, that's something that is very volatile in the world that we live in. 
Four or five months ago, if someone said we'd be looking at current price of oil, no one would have believed is. So everything is changing very rapidly and we are remaining flexible and what we can achieve to the best of our ability, both in pricing, both in terms of investing for the future, as well as making sure that our investments are targeted and our segmentation works. 
There is not one solution. The segmentation is really driving better results than we have anticipated when we put that program into place. 

Answer_11:

          I will just leave it at what I said. 

Answer_12:

          Based on our 4-4-5 calendar, the six additional days get pushed into the first quarter, but they come out in the fourth quarter. 

Answer_13:

          That's all local currency. So it is what it is. What we talk about is all pricing in terms of the local currency we take. Whether we measure that in SICAD 1 or 2, it will be the same number. 

Answer_14:

          For next year, the impact of fair pricing law will continue in Venezuela. That is what actually impacts our revenue in Venezuela. It caps our ability to take revenue. 
That does continue. Obviously, it starts over in 2015, but it will not be a structural item because we cycle it as of the second quarter. So, then, yes, we also do have an impact to our revenues from a different exchange rate and that would be considered currency. 

Answer_15:

          Bill, this is Ahmet. I will try to address that. One big thing was the timing of the Chinese New Year, but I wouldn't conclude my comments without saying that the market in China, especially the food and beverage market, has been weakest in the last 10 years. But I would also say that we've been consistently applying our strategy that we have covered with you guys a number of times before and resulting in fairly significant share gains in China. 
As you know, in Japan in the middle of last year, there was an increase in taxes and we're continuing to see the effect of that, but, still delivering almost close to flat but not that close. It's minus [1%]. But the biggest item there was the timing of the Chinese New Year, as well as continued industry headwinds in China. 

Answer_16:

          The Corporate unallocated line. Yes, that is one place where you will be able to see the restructuring come through, but as Muhtar said, we are on track and with everything that we have announced to date. 

