Answer_1:

          Good morning, Brian.

Answer_2:

          Bryan, it is Muhtar here. Good morning again. In North America, I will start with North America, I'd say that the outlook appears to be trending a little positive, raising hopes that potential wage growth and lower fuel prices could translate into consumer spending. In Latin America, Mexico is, the best way I would say is, relatively stable and continues to track closer to the United States, because they're so closely linked. Brazil continues to deteriorate faster than we expected. I'd say that.
Venezuela continues to increase as a concern given the growing difficulty on maintaining supply in the marketplace. And Argentina just continues to be challenging. And Colombia is again a star in Latin America in terms of performance and macro conditions.
In Europe, I think there are also some green shoots on the back of monetary easing, but it's early days. That just started. Deflation still remains a concern this year, and overall, consumer spending in Europe I would say is still sluggish, as it will take time for I think monetary easing to flow to the consumer pocket and translate into increased consumer spending, and then risk to recovery [remains] a still volatile environment. Then of course you have the possible Greece exit issues lingering on.
In Eurasia and Africa, Russia continues to see significant challenges, the Russian consumer, and we expect it to continue to remain challenging throughout the year this year. Sub-Sahara Africa is a strong bright spot, and we are seeing that in our results. And then Middle East, we have got some pockets where it's defying the geopolitical environment, but overall, obviously increased geopolitical risks there.
Then in Asia and Pacific China continues, the disposable incomes, consumer spending, CSE in China continues to decelerate. We saw that happening in Q1, versus the stated GDP of 7%. Japan remains sluggish, I would say similar to Europe, although we are starting to see some green shoots in the economy.
And finally in Asia-Pacific, India continues to be a bright spot I would say inside the BRIC end markets, the four BRIC markets. That's a walk-through.
Then the commodity environment, again, talking about what we can control and what we can't, remains fairly benign, compared to previous years, stable and benign. Given that value growth for us is highly correlated to PCE growth, I hope I have been able to give you a quick walk-through of what is good and what is not so good and what is more stable.

Answer_3:

          Brian, as Muhtar just said, commodities for us will be benign this year. In this quarter, and the first half we're cycling higher prices, in the first half of last year. And thinking about something like oil, oil doesn't really impact us. For our commodities, we are hedged. We basically are not going to see specific benefit there, and they are going to be basically benign.

Answer_4:

          Okay, John, I will take the first part of that question. The gallons and the cases definitely, when you make the adjustment for days, gallons are behind cases, and that will moderate. That will be based on, as you just said, what we see in the first quarter is the higher revenue for CSE, and so we did benefit from positive geographic mix in our price mix. That will moderate.
We will start to see when it catches up more of the geographies that provide the lower revenue for CSE coming through, which will then give us the negative geographic mix coming through as well in the balance of year. I think the second part of your question, on the outlook of pricing, Sandy, do you want to talk about at all the North American pricing specifically?


          Sure, Kathy. Good morning, John. The North America pricing situation is really the continuation of the strategy that we have been talking about for the last year and a half. Irial and I talked about this I think six calls ago that we were going to focus our business on the sustaining strategy of disciplined price and volume mix to maximize revenue, with an emphasis on price as a driver in the US business. That is exactly what we have been doing, and what we continue to plan to do with a lot of discipline and focus.
As you look at the first quarter, if you look at each business by themselves, we met our pricing objectives in the first quarter. We saw a little bit faster growth in our fountain business, which created a little bit of negative business mix, but net-net, the year started according to plan. We see the outlook as being rational, and our strategy remains very consistent. Ahmet, you want to talk about Europe?


          Thanks, Sandy. Hi, John. Just a couple of comments in general and then Europe, we are following exactly the same strategy of managing our product mix and price versus volume around markets international. In fact, we are getting some pretty good results in many of our big markets. Specifically in Europe, one must remember that last year, we have had some fairly aggressive pricing, which resulted in our view somewhat of an imbalanced progression of our business, where we have lost some market share, but got great pricing.
We were saying before that we would be moderating that somewhat this year, so that we have a more balanced growth of volume and revenue. What you saw in the first quarter is a result of that moderation, but we do believe that we would be achieving reasonable price mix in Europe in the course of this year.


          John, this is Muhtar. I will just add one other point, which is related to what I already mentioned, that we are reorganizing and have reorganized our marketing around the different clusters of developed, emerging, and developing markets. I think that is also working, beginning to yield some early results, and I think our new marketing leadership is very committed and very much part of this new reorganization of our marketing around the clusters. I can say very clearly that marketing is playing an important role in how we are generating enhanced revenue in our business. That is really an important takeaway, I think.


          Thanks. I feel good. It is just my voice.

Answer_5:

          The price mix obviously is 3 points, as I just spoke about. We did benefit from positive geographic mix in the first quarter. As we will get as concentrate shipments and timing starts to catch up, we will have the impact of a negative geographic mix which for us is not a surprise, in that it is normal run rate for several of our geographies.
We did get the pricing in the quarter and the benefit. Then the other side of that would be the costs, and when you adjust for structural, and you adjust for currencies, cost of goods is really in line with concentrate shipments.
Then the other issue would then just be commodities, and then as we said the commodities are basically going to be benign for us, and in the quarter, we are cycling higher costs from last year. That was a slight benefit. For the most part, I'm looking into the rest of the year, commodities are going to be benign. It is really basically the pricing that we got this quarter, offset by the costs that were better than prior year because we cycled better costs.

Answer_6:

          I also would add one other thing in addition, in North America specifically, we had better business mix, which basically was around our food service business. For the first quarter, in a transition year, we are obviously very pleased with our results. And I would say that I would expect pricing to moderate for the back half of the year, and to continue with -- the cost of goods sold continue to be in line with the concentrate shipments. We were basically given the quarter in line with our expectations and we expect to be in line with our full-year expectations that we have provided.

Answer_7:

          Steve, the comments I would make about overall pricing are, to reiterate what I said earlier, which is that on a business by business basis, our pricing results in the first quarter were solid. You saw in Nielsen, very strong price growth. Some of that was driven by wholesale improvement that we were achieving with our customers. Some of it was lapping some really aggressive promotional activity that happened in the end of February and early March, and some of it was our customers making more money in the category. The net effect of it was a really good start to the year, in line with our plan.
If you cross our business over into our chilled Minute Maid business, we saw price realization there. We launched some new items that drove some incremental revenue. Then as I mentioned, the fountain business was stronger than we expected at the beginning of the year, which creates a business mix drag overall.
What I would say from a profitability standpoint is that the combination of rate and mix was in line with our expectations, but I would also point out that as we get into the second half of the year, you are going to see more difficult pricing comparisons. We will continue our strategy of rigorous and disciplined and focused price volume management, but we will be lapping ourselves, and we'll be continuing to do so, but against a little bit tougher comparison. Net-net, off to the start we had hoped to. Irial, any additional dimension?


          (Inaudible) repeating what you said, but I'd go back, and I've said this for six calls. We are being very disciplined and rational about our pricing. What we achieved in the first quarter is pretty well in line. Sandy's mentioned there's maybe some channel mix impacts in there, but generally speaking, very much in line.
We intend to stay disciplined, and I'd used the word [nearly] be boring in terms of how we approach the business. We want to remain disciplined and focus on doing the right things for the business. We believe we are on a good track. We intend to stay on that track, and I think as each quarter goes by, you will see positive momentum in the business.


          Can I just add one more thing? What Irial just said then creates the environment for our small packages to grow. The consumer is moving strongly to small packages, and we are continuing to see low- to mid-teens growth in those packages, and all of which is supported by the impact of a step-up in marketing, which gives the whole thing more sustainability, as we work through the more challenging comps.

Answer_8:

          The expected margin improvement over the balance of the year, as Sandy just said, so we got good pricing in the quarter. Irial said we are very focused on continuing to rationally price. We have higher comps in the back half of the year for pricing that we have to cycle.
As far as the refranchising is concerned, I wouldn't expect to see much benefit at this point from the sub-bottling payments. And as you know, if you look at it from an (inaudible) perspective, we structurally adjust those. We pulled them out. We pulled the benefits, so would we put it back on an apples-to-apples basis year-over-year.
There is not a big difference at operating versus PBT in our North American operations at this point. For the margin expansion, that is basically really good pricing. As we get really good pricing in the fourth quarter of last year, they are very focused on pricing. That will continue, but we are cycling higher prices in the back half of this year.

Answer_9:

          Good morning, Bill.

Answer_10:

          Bill, on Diet Coke, I would describe Diet Coke still as a work in progress. We have done a number of things on the basics of marketing, graphics, advertising, packaging. We have some very advanced big data driven customer relationship programs going on, with consumers who love Diet Coke. We are seeing some improvement in the year-over-year revenue, but we are still very much focused on that as a work in progress and expect to.
But I would say this. The team and I, and our whole system, believe that in fact we will return Diet Coke to growth in the long term, but recent improvement, but still work in progress.
On refranchising, the refranchising is going according to plan. It is, as we said before, a massive project. We are putting the entire system in on a common ERP system, and refranchising the territories one sales center at a time, to make sure that the capability that we build continues to grow, and that our customers are well served in the process. We are pleased with the progress. We have a plan in place that we expect to meet or beat, and we are always looking for opportunities to accelerate it, but not at the expense of really high quality customer service and capability.

Answer_11:

          Ali, this is Muhtar. First, if it wasn't for the savings, we would not be able to do what you see us doing in terms of generating that increased marketing, generating all the other things that basically are part of our five point strategy of focusing on revenue, focusing on productivity, focusing on better and more marketing, rewiring the organization for better impact, and focusing on our core, which is the franchising that we talked about.
I would just say to you, had it not been for the productivity, we certainly would not be able to enable our organization to generate the kind of momentum that you see beginning to come back in. That is clear. There is no question about that.
This is not a four or five sequential compartments. These are a very integrated approach to how we bring more momentum into our business, and everything that I mentioned is happening at the same time, more better [wired] organization, better marketing, marketing that works around clusters, more effective marketing, linked to social media, as well as into a better cost per GRP, all of that funded by incremental productivity. I think that is how you need to see our entire different buckets of our strategy coming to life.

Answer_12:

          First, I will just say that I agree with you, that those bottlers are doing really well. Germany is certainly a star in Europe. Southeast Asia bottlers are doing well, particularly Vietnam, the big one that we are running. I think it is important to keep in mind for you that Germany was not in a position to be re-franchised until after 2012, because the consolidation was still taking place. It is really been ready for the last, I feel like 18, 24 months.
It has been the real bright spot in Europe the last couple of years. It is profitable. We need to ensure that we find the right home and the right structure and the right value. And so I could be clear with you that Germany is not a strategic long-term holding, and the right home will be found. None of our, if you like, [BIG] operations are in a way long-term strategic holds. That is what I would say about your question. Irial, you want to add anything to that?


          The only add I would give is the three markets you mentioned actually are not in a hospital ward. To Muhtar's point, actually they are all performing very well now. We have been very transparent about re-franchising. I've said this many times at conferences that we would re-franchise at the right time. Germany, we've clearly said is ready for re-franchising.
In the meantime, it continues to perform exceptionally well. We have a fantastic group of associates and management in Germany, and feel very good about it. I have also said we expect to get a fair price. Not get overpaid, but get a fair price for territory because we owe that to our shareholders. We take it from there.


          Just to build on what Irial said, we are looking for three things in terms of the right partner, description of the right partner: one, proven management team; two, strong financial capabilities; and three, willing to invest in the business and grow the business. Those are the three things. I am confident that we will reach that goal.
Finally, on your question regarding head count reduction, I think you have heard about our previously announced plan, and we are sticking to that plan, simply said.

Answer_13:

          Ian, it is Muhtar. It fits right into the strategy of what we said is bolt-on acquisitions where they make sense, and we will look at them, and where we believe that they fit into our portfolio, where they actually add value. We can generate value for our bottling partners through that acquisition, and it fits right in there, and so that is all I would say about that, Ian.

Answer_14:

          Our equity income is impacted by currency. We actually don't pull out all of the currency that impacts that because if you think about some of our locations, they have, their geography, they have many geographies. When we report, we take the main currency, and translate that into US dollars. That means that there is still often a lot of currency impact in those numbers. I would read into it that it is a very, very difficult currency environment out there at the moment.

Answer_15:

          No, there is nothing one-off that I'm aware of in the equity holdings.

Answer_16:

          Good morning.

Answer_17:

          I guess, Bill, the way I'd think about it is if you take our unit case sales of one and use that as a surrogate, because that doesn't have the extra days in it, and you take pricing of three, (inaudible) pricing, and then I would say that did benefit from positive geographic mix. That will moderate over the back half of the year, so I guess I would think of it using this price mix and average unit sales, unit cases.

Answer_18:

          The operating expenses, I would say no, there was nothing specific in operating expenses that was helped by the 6 days. Then the sales and distribution expenses are impacted by the 6 days so they wash out, and I would say there is nothing there.

Answer_19:

          Again, I hate to keep repeating myself, but then we did benefit from the size of the geographic mix, so I think the only thing I would say in terms of it will moderate in the back half of the year. We will get more of our normal run rate of negative geographic mix from concentrate shipments.
Then Sandy talked about the impact of the business mix with the food service business in North America. I think those are the things that basically would say that that number will moderate over the back half of the year, as we are still in a transition year.

Answer_20:

          Yes, there is no issue there. We always expected it to close in the first quarter. Then basically just the regulatory process that we have to go through that is delaying the close. We fully anticipate that it will close.


          Certainly.

Answer_21:

          Good morning.

Answer_22:

          Hi, Judy. On the structural, the structural is impacted by the timing of the Monster transaction. Then any time we accelerate into the re-franchising, that is also going to impact our numbers. That is why we gave you different structural guidance.
Then on the re-measurement gain, yes, that is basically, where we re-measured that euro debt, that impacted currency positively, and so that is what changed the outlook for currency over the back half of the year, and also the impact of Venezuela and change, using the Simadi rate going forward.

Answer_23:

          The distribution is starting to transition. It has not fully transitioned. That transition will take place over the year, and so at various times, that is not something that is really under our control. That is really under Monster's control, as they transition that. We put an estimate of how we think it is going to transition, so it is not something that is already into our numbers. That is what is slowing up, slower than expected. We expected it to start earlier.

