Answer_1:

          Good morning, John. It's Muhtar here. I'll just say a few top line remarks about it, and then also ask both Sandy and Ahmet to give some more specific details on their -- in specific markets. 
I'd say overall, pleased with our initial results. But as we've previously discussed and as I have just recently said, it takes some time, anywhere from 12 to 18 months to realize the full value in terms of a return on those investments. We've found that disciplined quality marketing investments drive growth better than any other strategy or action. 
We're seeing good initial results in markets that have received the incremental media investment, and also have improved the quality of marketing in our case. The marketing investments in North America is a great point.  Which is a real contributing factor in the strong performance in the quarter, continued strong performance in North America. And the performance is getting better, with 5% growth in organic revenues and 4% price mix. That price mix, and that volume and that, therefore, growth in organic revenue would not have been achieved clearly without the infusion of that marketing and the quality and the quantity. 
In China, also seeing positive trends, strong marketing activation, as I mentioned in my remarks.  Sparkling growing at 7%, (inaudible) Coke growing at double digits in the quarter, allowing us to gain -- continue to gain significant share in that market. And additionally, we're seeing accelerated trends in our value sharing gains where you compare them against our trends a year ago. 
So with that said, clear that it'll take some time for the full benefit on a quarterly basis as these investments take some time to ramp up. Also challenging consumer environments and macro environments. And so those are really what I would say. And in terms of our results, you see year to date, our marketing investments are growing and our margin is expanding by 50 basis points.  
So I think the key is to be able to achieve both, and we are confident that we can -- that we will continue to see more positive results. With that, let me turn now for some more specifics to Sandy and then to Ahmet for international example. 


          Thanks, Muhtar. And good morning, John. 
The core driver of our business across the world over time is the quality and quantity of our advertising, and the related execution and activation by our bottlers. And in the US over the past 18 months, we've vigorously pursued that strategy, increasing our advertising spend significantly. And you're seeing the payoff in the top line results that Muhtar just went through. But underneath that, a metric that you can watch also is just the price elasticity of our brands, and how volume reacts to price over time. And it's a good metric of the payoff of advertising, along with the efforts of our bottlers in the marketplace. 
As we look ahead, we see advertising as an important proactive item to grow the business. But as you start to see in North America over the past few quarters, we're now leveraging the P&L so that the infusion of advertising is coming from the accelerated top line growth and expense efficiency across the total business.  
So net-net, it's part of our outgoing algorithm, and an important part of the way we intend to drive growth going forward.  Ahmet? 


          Thanks, Sandy. Hey, John.  
We have a very similar story in Coke International. The bottlers and our teams have strong conviction about how better and more advertising drives top line. The example that Muhtar quoted, there's more depth to that. I would add developed markets such as Germany and Spain to that list. I would add a developing market such as Mexico to that list. I would add an emerging market such as Nigeria, as good examples. And there are other examples where we increased media, and we improved the quality of that communication, revenue results improved. 
Having said that, the history of this increase is less than a year for most Coke International markets. I would caution that it is early days, but definitely we're seeing the positive examples of this action. 

Answer_2:

          Sure, Steve. On the share buybacks, basically, we've given the range of $2 billion to $3 billion, so we're still in that range. We looked at where we were for the first half of the year, and then we looked at cash, particularly because of the currency getting worse in the back half, and just tightened the range. So basically, we're still in that range and that corridor. We just tightened the range. 
And then on the second question on productivity. We have basically stated that we are about $500 million for the year -- we are on track. The working capital has allowed us to basically focus on share repurchase, even with the significant currency headwind. So on our productivity initiatives, we are on track. 
We didn't give specific initiatives that we were working on for this year. You know about the people initiatives that we had, and we said we're going to be on target with the $500 million for this year.  They're still coming from the three areas, so we're still actively working on reducing our cost of goods sold and moving D&E from more promotional activities into media spend. 
So we are basically on track.  I don't how -- I can't give you any other specifics other than, we are basically on track for the $500 million that we anticipated that we would have for this year. 

Answer_3:

          I don't know that I can quantify how they come throughout the year.  Part of it was dependent upon when we started to see movement with some of the people.  And we've not gotten -- for instance, Europe had to focus on the working -- had to work with the Work Council,  So their initiative was people really just starting, although everybody is aware the movement of people is just starting. 
So part of that will be coming out now that they've been able to focus on their moving people initiative.  But I don't know that I can quantify the how and when it all comes through, because we focus on dealing with the work first. And we deal with the work first, and then a lot of the other impact will rail making sure that we deal with -- that the organization is appropriately set up for success going forward. Which included focusing on the global organization, and restructuring how we worked with the global organization. So all I can say is, we're on target with everything that we've done. 


          Just adding to what Kathy mentioned, Steve. I'd say that also in terms of simplifying our organization, wiring our business units closer and more directly to the functional centers in our Company, that has largely taken place. We have essentially eliminated a functional layer in the Company, allowing us to make faster and quicker decisions -- and more effective decision making in the Company. That is already largely in place. And I think lots of continued work streams going on in COGs that will continue to benefit, and help us to deliver more than the $500 million in savings for the year. 

Answer_4:

          First, Mark, good morning. On the Asia PAC, I think it pretty much came in line with what we were expecting and it's related to timing. It's related to how you look at it on a year-to-date basis.  And I'll have Ahmet comment on that once I finish. I'll just say a few things about the second question. 
In terms of scale M&A and bolt-on M&A, I think you need to think we will be again looking at bolt-on targets that fit our strategic portfolio. That's the way you should think about our continued interest in any M&A and how we target M&A. Just the same way as you've seen us look at it in the last three, four, five years, how we look -- how the acquisitions that we made in terms of innocent, in terms of honesty, in terms of [zeco], in terms of other bolt-on. And then more recently, the announcement from China that we had. 
So essentially, bolt-on acquisitions that complement our current portfolio and that give us the ability to also scale it up from a geographic scale goes up from a geographic point of view. Just like you saw us launch Smartwater in other new European markets more recently. That's a good example of how the scale up continues. And how we've converted -- how we've turned Smartwater into one of the leading premium waters in the world, both here in the United States and now in some other new markets. Ahmet, comments on Asia Pacific? 

Answer_5:

          It excludes anything. But I'm saying our focus would be -- I think you should assume that it would continue in that area. If there's something that obviously -- the future, none of us know what the future holds. We could never be -- we're always guided by the past. The future is something, and there may come some opportunities that we'll look at.  But right now, what I will say to you is, base it on what I've said as the past few years being an indication of the future. 


          Mark, just to add on to the price mix on Asia Pacific, the minus [6%] was not a surprise to us. It was expected, and there was a lot of timing between the first and second quarters. If you look at first half price mix for Asia Pacific, we're in negative [2%].  Which is very much in line with what has been happening in Asia Pacific due to geographic mix and other channel mix issues. So no surprises there. 

Answer_6:

          Thanks. I'd say, look, I think North America delivered strong second quarter revenue profit value share performance driven by better increased marketing, better marketing, and a disciplined approach to both volume, price and mix management.  
Few things, mix management is working in our favor. Consumer is very much approving the smaller packages. Smaller packages are growing much faster than larger packages. Smaller packages have a higher NSR per liter, per gallon, whatever per case. And therefore, there's -- that way price driven by -- and the ability to keep the volume where it is and gain the price mix are historic bests in terms of the past quarter performance in the United States. Why is that happening?  More marketing, and more focus on better marketing as well. 
So the rate is coming through, mix from transactions and packs coming through. That is the general comment I'd make. And, Sandy, if you want to provide more color to this. 


          Yes, I absolutely agree with that, Dara.  And our strategy is, as Irial and I said a year and a half ago, we were putting in place a strategy of building strong valuable brands, with accelerated quantity and quantity of marketing.  And we were going to take proactive opportunities to get our price in line with the value of the brands, and to lead price up in a consistent and strategic way. Working on the development of packages that consumers want, in particular premium packages.  And the consumer is pulling very clearly to smaller packages, so they can enjoy the ice cold refreshing taste of one of our beverages but in a portion size that they want. 
The net effect, as Muhtar said, is that we have a benefit from mix but our strategy as we look forward is to continue to lead. We see this strategy of disciplined price pack volume management underneath the brand building of strong powerful brands as a long-term strategy. And we continue to take action across our system every day to reinforce it, to grow our capability, and to continue to grow our business in a very balanced and disciplined way. 

Answer_7:

          Absolutely. The strategy is very consistent, and we continue to be optimistic about our ability to make the levers work. Because our brands are strong and we're investing in them, and because our bottling system is executing very well and we continue to get better. 
I think one of the mantras in our team, Dara, is that we've got the right strategy. But we're just beginning to hit our stride from a capability standpoint, and we have much more opportunity to improve than we have progress made so far. 

Answer_8:

          Sure, Vivien. First out, I'd say the challenge is never taken for granted, but the challenge is broadly very much a US centric one. So let me just preface that, and then have Sandy comment on what's happening in the United States. And also comment -- give you some more comment on other diet drinks like Coke Zero performance and so forth. 


          Sure. As we've discussed in several of these calls and in our interactions more one on one, the diet and frozen parts of the food and beverage industry have been struggling for a number of quarters. It's getting into years now. 
As the consumer -- the US consumer moves really strongly to fresh. It's a good dietary change actually for the country, but the impact on categories, and particularly categories that are appealing to diet oriented positionings has been pretty negative. Inside our particular portfolio, we have brands growing and have brands struggling. 
Coke Zero, as Muhtar mentioned, grew in the quarter. Diet Coke continues to struggle. Our near-term improvements, though, are we're starting to see the consumer base stabilize. 
We have an incredible number of very loyal drinkers in Diet Coke, that love Diet Coke. And our milestone that we're seeking to achieve soon is to level our revenue. To match price and volume, such that Diet Coke's revenue gets to flat and then starts to grow again. 
As we look ahead, what I would tell you about Diet Coke is that we believe strongly in the Diet Coke franchise. Diet Coke, the brand, is the number one diet beverage in the United States, and it will be for a long time to come. 
We also are looking at changes in the category. Our largest competitor is changing their formula, and they'll be launching that in August, and that will create a lot of buzz in the category. Some of it good, as the good science of the safety of non nutritive sweeteners gets out in the marketplace and is reinforced. 
We are looking at multiple programs, to not only strengthen Diet Coke but to offer consumers adjacent innovation in the Diet Coke franchise. And we're excited about the long-term future. But as we say around here, it's work in progress and a lot more work to do, but we still are very optimistic about the long term. 

Answer_9:

          Hello, Bryan. Yes. On the margin question, our margins were negatively impacted by currency and by structural. Obviously, there's always some negative geographic mix that plays into that. But as you look at our margins and if you look at the specific growth margin, first of all, and if you look at them on a comparable basis, we lost some margin. 
But then if you take out currency and then you take out structural, then we were at positive margins again. So -- and the issue more is about growth margin, it's not so much about operating margins.  When you -- then your second question which was -- 

Answer_10:

          It's normal in the Pacific to have negative geographic mix, just because of the base of the country, Japan, and then all of the emerging markets there. So, yes, I would say for the remainder of the year, I would anticipate that we would have negative geographic mix in Pacific. Ahmet, you want to comment on that? 


          That's definitely not in the numbers that we've seen in the second quarter, but the general trend of around a couple points of to date number. However, we do continue to aggressively implement our more balanced top line growth in terms of price and volumes across the territory, and we are aiming to improve on that. 

Answer_11:

          Before Sandy comments on that, Bryan, let me just also say that, also in many parts of the Pacific, since your question was somewhat related to the Pacific and in terms of geographic mix. I think sparkling and particularly, Bryan, Coca-Cola, again, with things that are happening around advertising and media spend and better quality is getting stronger. 
Whether you take Indonesia, or whether you take Southeast Asia, or whether you take China, sparkling is getting stronger and momentum on sparkling is getting better. And therefore, I think you're also seeing a positive shift in category mix for us that is somewhat countered by continued geographic mix. 
So I think there's a balance there, and I think we're happy to see that balance coming through. I just want to mention that, that important this year, we see that balance beginning to come through, more favorable balance coming through. And then, Sandy, if you want to talk about the smaller packages reference. 


          Sure. The growth in North America transactions is healthy. And that's coming from a number of things.  But the small packages clearly are driving a tremendous amount of positive growth. Some of it is cannibalistic, but the cannibalistic nature of it accrues to higher margins. So the mix shift is positive, and then you have the incremental transaction growth that's being driven there. And the primary reason is that the consumers want smaller packages, that's why they're buying more Cokes. 
Our marketing model is about more people, enjoying more Cokes, more often for a little bit more money.  And that's what we seek to accomplish in the marketing and execution of our brands. And what you can see by the mid-teen growth of the smaller packages is they're driving that transaction growth, and transaction performance is positive. So the net effect of it is that it's positive in net-net. 
The other comment I would make is that we have data in some of our retail partnerships that shows that moms in particular like small packs and are returning to the category to use small packs as a way of giving treats to teenagers and others in the household.  And it's a particularly positive thing, because moms can do that with a pack that isn't too big. Whereas, for many years in the category, we marketed packages that were too big, that were either wasted or over consumed. Our package mix no longer does that, and it's one of the reasons why our growth is accelerating. 

Answer_12:

          Thanks, Nik. First thing, I would say to you, as I mentioned in my scripted remarks, that we had a very successful global system meeting back in May. And I see the much more improved engagement, and also commitment by our bottling partners across the board, small, large, Asia, Europe, Latin America, Eurasia, and Africa, North America. 
So I'd say to you, it's broad based.  And I'd say to you that there's a great deal of excitement that is around our plans, particularly our reinvestment plans, and also great amount of commitment for better execution and more investment on the side of our bottling partners. So as I look at the pipeline of investment, I would say I am much more encouraged today than I was, say, 12 to 18 months ago. And I believe that that's driven by our plans and our -- basically our belief in the future and what is being -- and what is happening is yielding early results. And that is driving that engagement. 

Answer_13:

          No, we'll see it this year, and we will see it at a trend that continues to increase next year and beyond over -- certainly over a three-year period. Here in the United States, in Latin America, in Europe, in Asia Pacific, in Eurasia and Africa. 

Answer_14:

          So, Ali, volume, the algebra is volume times price, is what we generate as revenue. And I think it's good that you ask that question, and it's one of the important elements of the algebra. I think we're encouraged by actions where we basically expect it to be. We're cycling 3%, and we generated 2%. And I think the volatility, as I mentioned in Russia on the verge of a recession today, from a macro point of view.  Or Brazil where there's still very significant challenges in disposable incomes. China disposable income levels haven't improved significantly. 
But importantly, improving trends on share, we're at all-time high in many markets. Value share, particularly, which is very important, and value share is driven again by the actions that we're taking. 
So based on your question, have you seen the bottom? I'd say we're about where we expected to be.  And we see that what we're doing is continuing to help keep that equation in place at an improving trend. The equation being, if the marketing wasn't there, the volume wouldn't hold up where it was and the price wouldn't hold up where it was. See it in that respect, both being propped up by the investment that we're putting into the marketplace and those investments being driven by the zero-base work that we're generating. 

Answer_15:

          I think you said it. Those are continuing to improve. As they improve, they become -- there's more that are getting in line for those assets, and that's a good place to be. And I think that basically we see those are great markets, not just in our hands, but in the right hands. And that's the way we see it. And I think that we are encouraged by the internal plans we have, and I think that that's all I can say right now. But we have -- we're in a place where those -- let's call it this way. The fruit is getting riper. 


          This fruit will never get overripe. It will be good on the tree and off the tree. 

