Question_1:

          Thank you. Good morning. I want to talk a little bit about the advertising spending. There's been some questions and I've had to myself in terms of whether you're just sort of fighting a headwind in terms of trying to advertise the categories. 
So can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing? How you're gauging the success that you're having? And what we should expect from an advertising spending increase as a percentage of sales as we look out over the next 12 to 18 months? Thanks. 

Question_2:

          Hello. Good morning. Thanks. I guess first could you just -- maybe I missed it, but could you just address the reduction in net buybacks for the year and what lies behind that? Is free cash flow coming in weaker? Because that would be surprising just given your working capital comments, et cetera. Or is there a competing use for cash that we should be considering? Just a housekeeping question.  
And then a broader question on productivity. The update in the report card you provided was certainly helpful. But I was wondering if you could maybe quantify what those initiatives translated into in terms of savings in the quarter, and how far along you are, admittedly early, against that ultimate $3 billion goal? Because I think that would help just frame where you are in the overarching initiative. And actually, if you could perhaps talk about other initiatives underway and what kinds of achievements we should look for on Q3 or Q4 report cards. That would be great as well. Thanks. 

Question_3:

          Okay. That's helpful. Is it fair to assume that the savings build and that there's more of an impact in the second half versus the first half, or is it more ratable throughout the year? 

Question_4:

          Thanks. That's Stifel Financial, but good morning, everyone. I guess two questions here. 
One, a region question, Muhtar, and then a more strategy question. With Asia PAC, at least versus my model, the price mix was  disappointing. It's only a quarter, and you highlighted China and I think some product mix issues. But when you think longer term about price mix in Asia PAC given the superior growth I think you expect from China, what's a sound way to think about that region in the larger Coke system? And then unrelated to that, or less related to that, when you think of scale and bolt-on M&A, can you just update us on you're thinking for the larger Coke, how you're thinking about scale M&A, and how you're thinking about bolt-on M&A? 

Question_5:

          Can I just ask one quick one there as a follow-up, Muhtar. It sounds like what you're saying there is precludes an interest in scale M&A. The focus -- just to be super clear, the focus is on bolt-on to the exclusion of scale. And we could debate scale I realize, but sounds like that's the focus. 

Question_6:

          Good morning. So, Muhtar, clearly, very strong 4% pricing in North America. Can you run through how much of that was mix versus price? And then comment on the sustainability of higher pricing as you look out for the back half of the year once you cycle the higher pricing from last year? 
And longer term, how you think about any pricing? Clearly, we've seen a big improvement here over the last year. Looks like it's worked well in terms of limited demand elasticity, so more longer term type thoughts on pricing in North America. 

Question_7:

          Okay. So it sounds like the way you approach pricing in North America going forward, you think you'll continue to see progress both for main mix and rate perspective. And obviously, while we could see a sequential slowdown as you comp over this period, you're pretty committed to the efforts longer term.  Is that fair? 

Question_8:

          Hello. Thank you so much for taking my question. I was going to focus on Diet Coke. While your total sparkling unit case line growth was clearly impressive, Diet Coke continues to be challenged. So, Sandy, could you please update us on what you're seeing in terms of North America? And then, Muhtar, if you could comment on any other geographies where you're seeing diet present a challenge.  Thank you. 

Question_9:

          Good morning, everyone. So just I had a question about geographic mix. I think it came up earlier the geographic mix was negative in the quarter. And could you -- is there any way you could outline for us if geographic mix also had a negative effect on profit margins or profitability? 
I know there is a lot of moving parts in the P&L. But when you look at it currency neutral, you saw some margin expansion. And my thought is you actually had, within that margin expansion, you actually had some negative geographic mix on margins. So any help on that would be helpful. 
And then related to that, as we're modeling out the balance of this year, and I guess it goes to Mark Swartzberg's question about the Pacific region. Should we continue to expect to model in negative price -- geographic price mix into our models for Pacific in the back half of the year? Thank you. 

Question_10:

          Just related to price mix, price mix in Pacific. Should we continue to see negative geographic mix there? 

Question_11:

          All right. Thank you. And if I could sneak just one last one in for Sandy. 
If we're looking at smaller pack -- the affect of smaller pack sizes in North America and just simply looking at it on transactions, I know it's kind of early, but is it incremental? So if we were just measuring transactions, are the purchases of those smaller packages, are they incremental to base business or is it cannibalistic? Thank you. 

Question_12:

          Thanks for the question. So I just wanted to go back to the bottler reinvestment question. And maybe, Muhtar, you can give us some perspective on where the bottling match in resourcing has been most significant. Just so we can get an understanding of where there could be potential leading indicators on that impact on volume growth. 

Question_13:

          Muhtar, are we starting to see cooler placements actually hit the market and more feet on the street?  Or is this bottler commitments on that they're going to do it at some point in the next quarter or two? 

Question_14:

          Hey, guys, thanks. A couple of things I wanted to talk about if possible. One is around top line, and one is around asset base. First on the top line, I think you guys have done a good job explaining and playing out the thesis out in terms of price mix, which is great. 
On the volume side, how would you describe the Company trajectory right now from a volume growth perspective? So do you think we've seen the bottom in terms of volume growth after a series of plus 1% to now a 2% and some user comps going forward? So do you think we should be projecting a turning point upward in terms of volume growth for the Company going forward? And I'll come back with the asset question in a second. 

Question_15:

          Okay. Very helpful answer. On the asset side of things, if you look at Germany and India and Vietnam, NBIG, those continue to do quite well. Seem like they're improving. And in North America from the discussions we've had, this call, other calls, looks like that's getting better, too. With productivity and profit actually growing finally.  
Are -- do you think there are ways or are there -- what are the hurdles given all those improvements for you not to be able to divest or refranchise those assets more quickly? And have a smaller access base, which is the long-term plan, even more quickly than you've laid out so far? 

