Answer_1:

          Good morning. 

Answer_2:

          Yes, thanks for the question. What I would say in general overall is, yes, we're pleased with the quarter and the progress we're making, but lots of more work to do. This is a transition year. 
When we talked to you about 12 months ago, we outlined to you that with the changes we're going to make that our goal is to get to mid single digit, currency neutral revenue growth for the comparable revenue growth for the Company overall.  And I think if you look at our progress to date for the first three-quarters of the year, we're at sort of the bottom end of that range, the mid single digit. 
If you look at where we are in revenue in terms of currency neutral comparable, and what we have posted in this past quarter, the third quarter, you would see us, if you take those numbers that you mentioned in terms of volume growth of 3% and price mix of 3%, at the top end of that range. 
So, in essence, we're pleased with the progress -- what all the five-point strategy and executing it diligently over the last nine months and even starting at the end of last year has brought us to where we are.  And so we feel that -- we've always said the marketing has a lag, the incremental marketing, there's a lag in terms of when we input it and the results that we're getting. 
But we see that the plan is working, and we certainly see that we're taking a very strategic approach in terms of marketing spend versus optimal levels.  Consistent quality investment in media continues to be one of the strongest drivers of our business, enabling us to generate that revenue. We look at each market, how many weeks of consumer engagement there is.  The goal over time is to apply the right pressure in the right way to each of our brands, and each of the segments that you mentioned, which is developed, developing and emerging. 
The system alignment in our bottling system is matching our alignments with investments -- I'm sorry, with capabilities, execution, output development, cooler placement, et cetera. So we're pleased with what we see there. And, of course, all of this being said, we have a volatile macroeconomic environment which obviously is not getting any better anytime soon. 
We realize that the global growth for 2015 is projected to be below last year, and even having said that, the disposable incomes are even lagging the growth rates that are projected. So, yes -- but in general, that's how I would frame your question, and both James and I and Kathy believe that the incremental and better marking is certainly giving us the results in terms of the top line currency neutral comparable top-line growth. 

Answer_3:

          Thanks, Steve. What we said again at the beginning of this journey back three, four years ago, is that we said that we have an intention to create a system in the United States that can benefit from the local empowerment in each of the communities in the markets that have built our business so successfully over the last 130 years, the franchise system, the alignment that that brings, the value and trust between us and our bottling partners.  
But at the same time create the mechanism, so to speak, the processes, flexible processes in the marketplace, whether it be information systems, whether it be the customer management system, so that we can speak with one voice to customers coast to coast in the United States, and the national product supply system. 
All of those negotiations with our expanding bottlers took some time to achieve. They are all achieved. That's why we're progressing with rapidly with our refranchising program, which is working very well, because when we have those processes in place, we can refranchise with confidence and speed and have the business continue to generate the results and the growth that we are seeing in revenue, particularly in the United States of America.  
And the United States nonalcoholic beverage business is healthy. It is growing in revenues and dollars and cents, and that's the really important measure -- important element that I want to leave with you. But just to add more color and flavor to the National Product Supply System question that you had in terms of the governance model, I will ask James to comment further and give you more insights. James? 


          I think just specifically on governance, it's not going to be around unanimity.  It's going to be based on the driving of the business case. Everyone is committed to doing what is economically the most rational answer for the system.  Again, when it comes to the national issues, it's not necessarily the management of each local plant which will remain the job of each of the participating bottlers, or CCNA. 


          Steve, did that address your question? 

Answer_4:

          We're not laying out the precise mechanics, but I can tell you that there's not going to be a full consensus required for every decision. It is going to be a large majority, and if they support the economic case, then that's what's going to move forward. 
We're not creating a system that can become blocked. We're creating a system to focus on the best economics of the system in North America and there are mechanisms for that to go forward. 

Answer_5:

          Correct. 

Answer_6:

          Judy, thanks. This is Muhtar.  Good morning. Unit case, as I just said, did grow 4% in the quarter in Europe. They were cycling a minus 5% from prior year, and sparkling was up as well as stills growing faster than sparkling in Western Europe. Then our concentrate sales did trail also the unit cases in Western Europe as it did for the whole Company. 
And I'll ask -- and we were pleased with the results and certainly, again, some early results from the marketing, but more to come. And I will ask James to add more color to that. James? 


          Thanks, Muhtar. As Muhtar referenced, we were cycling a pretty poor quarter from last year, so I think it was a favorable comparison. We had strong results from very favorable weather in the Southern and the Central part of Europe. But I wouldn't read too much into the one quarter. I think if you look at the longer-term trends, you can see that we're getting some volume growth in the year to date where the price mix is bouncing around flat.  
I think it's important to recognize two things as it comes to price mix in the case of Europe. One is the general deflationary nature of the European market. Retail pricing is zero to one, at best in general. And then secondly, it's worth remembering that the starting point of pricing in Europe is, in comparison to the US, higher. So the opportunity is to drive price mix on a sustained long-term basis. 
In a sense we've already captured some of that in Europe, and we will be chasing that in the US. So I don't think we'll see the same sort of price mix over time in Europe given our starting points. 

Answer_7:

          Good morning, Brian. 

Answer_8:

          Sure, thank you, Bryan. So the foreign exchange for next year, if you remember, we had said that for our hard currencies we are hedged, and so our real exposure is around our emerging currencies. That being said, we do have to cycle that euro debt bond offering which impacted the first and second quarter of this year, and for the full year it was about 3 points benefit to us. 
So we do have to cycle that next year on top of the change in the rates and probably a more difficult currency environment going forward. So we will give more color on currency in February when we give our full-year results for 2016.  But our issue is really going to be around the emerging markets where we've just -- it's not cost effective to hedge more than about a quarter at a time. 
And then in terms of the structural impact, yes, Germany will be a structural impact next year. Obviously we continue with the North American refranchising, so that will still have a significant impact in North America. And there may be some slight impacts from whenever the things -- Africa closes -- the Africa transaction closes.  But the majority of it will be the Germany transaction and the North America refranchising. 

Answer_9:

          Yes, I want to -- Bryan, this is Muhtar. What I'll say is it's in the regulatory approval process, and that's all I would say right now. We expect it to close sometime over the next three to four months. That's what I would say. 

Answer_10:

          Sure. So the unit cases to concentrate shipment, they were really impacted by Asia Pacific and Latin America. If you look at Latin America on a year-to-date basis, they are absolutely in line. And with Asia Pacific, on a year-to-date basis we expect them to be generally in line. So there's really no story there in terms of that gap. 
When you -- moving on to productivity, so productivity initiatives, obviously we are seeing some benefit from productivity. In our margins, there is an impact in our margins from basically the structural changes. So if you were to exclude structural changes, gross margins and operating margins would be higher, and you would see margin expansion. 
When you look at the third quarter, when you look at the leverage, so we are getting some productivity, but we also have an impact from timing of the DME from--  basically from prior years that's impacting that timing from this year, that, by the way, turns around in the fourth quarter. So I think there are a lot of puts and takes going on around productivity. You are seeing some productivity coming through. We are continuing to reinvest behind our brands, though. 
But our margin expansion is masked right now by currency and structural. So if you pull those two things out, you see very good margin expansion. 


          And I would just add one point, Ali. I think what we saw in this past quarter in terms of operating margin expansion on a currency neutral comparable basis of about 100 basis points, we were pleased with that expansion. Now, the key is to do everything we can to continue and ensure that we execute fully on the five strategic points going forward so that we can continue to improve our trajectory. 

Answer_11:

          We will not comment on any specific matters related to our customers, bottlers, or any M&A matters. So I would just leave it at that. 

Answer_12:

          John, this is Muhtar. Actually they're not in conflict at all. They're basically very complementary to our strategy which is to ensure we have the local touch, and we have also the scale, and we have the processes to meet customer demands and customer partnerships.  
And in the United States we've actually not -- you mentioned the word fragmented. We have a national customer management system. We have a national production system. We have a national information system that is basically all with their own governance models, and they're very fluid and very flexible to suit the needs of the business today. 
And then at the same time, every piece of the United States that has those elements really have enough size for scale. And then we have the much smaller, the smaller distributor bottling system that also the smaller guys are doing a great job in growing the business for us. 
And then in Europe, basically what we have is the customer landscape in Europe is much, much more concentrated in Western Europe where just a handful of customers account for a very large portion of the total future consumption, the retail business in Europe. And, therefore, when you look at what we have created in western Europe, it basically suits our future needs in terms of working proactively with our customer partners and also it gives the scale and also it gives the local touch in each of the markets. 
So from that perspective, just like what we've done in Japan, just like what we've done in South Africa, in large markets I'm talking about, it basically very much aligns to our strategy in how you think about what we're doing in the marketplace. 

Answer_13:

          Well, the customer base in the United States and Western Europe is very, very different in terms of how it's structured. And so we follow the customer -- the needs of the customer, what matters. We follow the scale; we follow the necessity for speed. And we feel that the model that is being created in Western Europe will serve us very well for the next decade and beyond. 
And the same thing goes for the United States. It is proving that it is serving us very well in terms of getting us to scale, in terms of getting us the costs in production and cost of goods sold, but at the same time retaining the local touch and retaining the local element that is really important in our business. Both of those are valid for Europe and for Western Europe and for Japan and for South Africa and for the United States, or wherever else you are seeing us create a better bottling system. 

Answer_14:

          Good morning. 

Answer_15:

          Well, I think based on what we're seeing is we're able to generate revenue growth both in the sparkling category very much so, as well as in the still side, and, therefore, that's what my comment referred to. This is not just one quarter, this is multiple quarters. 
At the same time, inside that LRB category that is showing very good resilience in terms of both price elasticity, price discipline, approach with customers, generating value for our customers, both in the sparkling side, as well as large and small customers in the still side, we're also seeing that this is the 22nd consecutive quarter of us gaining value share in the marketplace in North America. 
And then the mix is really working for us in terms of generating the marketing where the North American market is the first market where we've started employing incremental marketing, better marketing is generating also positive results for us in terms of the revenue growth from sparkling derived, particularly -- purely from sparkling as well as from the still side of the business. James, do you want to add any color to that? 


          Yes, I think, if you take a look at how we're driving the sparkling business, you can look at the transaction packages which represent about 15% of the volume, and they're growing still again this quarter into double digits. So we're very pleased with the marketing and the OBPC approach is driving positive revenue growth for sparkling on a consistent basis. 

Answer_16:

          So, of course, we need to wait and see whether the recent vote produces the [act of] law by the end of the process. It's only gone through one of the stages, so we'll see where that ends up. Obviously, we are in favor of reductions in discriminatory taxes. 
I think as we look out on how that has impacted the world and how that's being viewed, and it will be used as a case study around the world, the data we have so far is the impact of the tax was to bring down about six calories from the Mexican diet by the end of the process. So we're conscious that obesity is a crisis, we know we need to play a role. 
We don't think this is the silver bullet that anyone was looking for, and we think that much more work needs to be done if, indeed, a solution is to be brought to bear on the whole obesity crisis, which overconsumption of anything, including soft drinks, would be a contributor and a part of the problem. 
So we'll see where this tax ends up. Clearly taxing diets and [lights] doesn't seem to be the right way forward, and, therefore, if this measure goes through, I think it would be positive. 

Answer_17:

          Yes, I mean, Nik, I'll just say, very broadly, at a high level, we're pleased with our performance in China. Obviously a lot of noise around China these days, but we have, as mentioned earlier in the script, we have an all-time high share for brand Coke in China and we're growing in China and we're gaining share in China and we're investing in China. And the same goes for India, two of the very large markets in Asia, certainly pleased with the results there. 
We had some weather-related issues in the quarter before, but we're coming back, the business is really coming back and performing much better in India. So overall, I think -- and then in Japan we're seeing some green shoots in terms of disposable incomes. We're very early still to call it any color. But overall, I'd say -- and then obviously, back in South -- Australasia, the economy was very much related to commodities, and it has suffered, and we're seeing the macro spillover from that.                                                                                                                                                                       
But I would say, overall, in this past quarter, we're happy with the results of the big economies, and recognizing that we've got more work to do. And that's how I would leave it. 

