Question_1:

          Hi, good morning.

Question_2:

          I'm great. How are you?

Question_3:

          Can you talk about why now is the right time to pull all this stuff forward on the re-franchising front, because obviously there's a ton of macro-volatility? I know there's some challenges as you wanted to standardized the IT platform and even some of the key accounts stuff, which I thought had a little bit of longer tail. Any thoughts you have on that would be appreciated?

Question_4:

          Good morning.

Question_5:

          I was hoping you could actually give us a concrete example that gave you the confidence to make the decision to accelerate your re-franchising plans? While your margin should certainly expand and your returns will increase, could you help frame for us the incremental dilution expected from the new system? Finally, I would like to hear what your plans are for the cash you will receive from the planned sale of the 39 production facilities, which I guess I assume should raise a fair amount of cash, considering I think the earlier sales of the nine sites had a book value of $280 million, if I'm not mistaken?

Question_6:

          Hi, good morning. Muhtar, you posted a couple quarters in a row with volume growth back up in the 3% range, along with solid pricing, despite the difficult emerging markets and macro-environment we're seeing. I wanted to get an update on your market-share performance. Obviously you're gaining share, but have you seen a relative change in terms of incremental market-share performance, and what level of payback you're getting on the higher marketing? As you look out to 2016, 4% to 5% organic sales growth is a fairly tight range. How much visibility do you think you have around that? Could macros pose a risk to the guidance, particularly given you're assuming higher GDP growth? Thanks.

Question_7:

          Okay, great. If I could slip a detail question in, Kathy, I was hoping you could give us clarity on the impact to 2017 earnings from FX if spot rates stay at this level, given the hedging in 2016 and how much hedging you have in place for 2017 on some of the hard currencies?

Question_8:

          Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. Two questions here. First off, it's a little tough with all the restructuring, the re-franchising of the bottlers to get a handle in terms of what's truly going on, on the gross margin. Can you try and strip some of the impact out from the re-franchising, and give us an idea what the underlying gross margin's doing?
Kathy, going back to your points on the balance sheet, can you talk about what you're seeing out there that's causing you to maybe term out some of the longer-term debt? Is it the short-term market volatility, or is this something where you would expect to maybe go with a more conservative balance sheet approach on a go-forward basis? Thanks.

Question_9:

          Okay. If I can ask one quick follow-up on that, in terms of the interest income line and some of the cash balances overseas, any change in that approach, or is this mostly going to be on the interest expense line?

Question_10:

          Good morning. One of your stated strategies was to improve the balance of price mix and volume in your developed markets. We've clearly seen that in the US, but I was hoping you could walk around the world and offer us what you're seeing in other developed markets, provide with your prospects and confidence for improving price mix in other developed markets around the world going forward? Thanks.

Question_11:

          Hi. Good morning, everyone

Question_12:

          I wanted to get a couple of points of color on the productivity program. Kathy, to start, you were keeping the original $3-billion plan, but a portion of the COGS opportunity is now going to go off with the re-franchising. Could you give us some idea of just how big that is, how much you had to make up in terms of keeping the $3 billion where it is?

Question_13:

          Net, this productivity plan is actually now a little bit bigger than it originally would have been. Is that just a function of as you're doing more you're finding more savings, or was the re-franchising motivating you to look for more savings? I'm trying to get a sense if there's more momentum building on the productivity program itself?

Question_14:

          Okay. One last one. Of that $500 million that essentially goes off in re-franchising, will that actually still be realized within the franchise system? Does the Coke system itself still see the $500 million of savings, or is that lost because it needed to be integrated with Coke to get it?

Question_15:

          Okay, from our systems perspective this is truly incremental savings, it's just a matter of where we're seeing it?

Question_16:

          Thanks. Good morning, guys. I want to come back to the Asia-Pacific region. I have two questions, first is on price mix, and then second on China specifically. Price mix in the quarter was down 9%, and margins were down pretty significantly. James, I think you talked about re-staging the sparkling business, and I know there's been some negative geographic mix. A little more color there would be helpful? Then the second piece on China, 1% volume growth but you were cycling a pretty soft compare of down 1% last year. Maybe you could elaborate a bit on what you are seeing in that market, and your expectation here over the next 12 months? Thanks.

Question_17:

          Thank you very much. Actually, a relatively quick set of questions for each of you, if I could. First, Muhtar, on re-franchising and the decision to retain hot-fill and juice assets, is that an indefinite plan, or is that subject to further review? Similarly on China, or thinking about China and rest of world, should we be thinking differently about your plans in India in terms of future re-franchising in that market, as well?
Then Kathy, the 4% to 5% organic growth you were calling out for next year, can you give us a rough sense of volume versus price within that, and how much if any you expect to spend incrementally on A&P in order to achieve what amounts to underlying acceleration?
Finally, James -- sorry for all the questions -- we debated this a while back, and I'm wondering if you've got additional thoughts in terms of your longer-term growth -- how much you expect the portfolio to lean on stills versus sparkling? Do you think you have the right balance of demand-building support against each of that, in order to achieve your long-term goals? Thank you.

Question_18:

          Hi guys. On re-franchisement, obviously good news that it's going faster, but I still have a few questions on this. One is I get the discussion about holding on to juice. I'm not quite there on hot-fill, so if you could elaborate on that, that would be helpful? Trying to get a better sense secondarily about when you think you will actually be able to grow out of the dilution. It's clearly dilution right now, then 2016 three to four, and then probably 2017. At what point will you be able to grow out of the dilution, given better margin top-line growth, et cetera?
The core question is you mentioned your goal was by buying North America bottling you would be able to accelerate momentum for sales and profitability. I agree you've done that, going to smaller pack sizes, increasing prices closing some plants, increasing media spend, improving IT.
I'm still confused why you have to buy the bottlers -- or one consolidated bottler, I guess, in North America, to do a lot of those changes. Why do you have to spend billion of dollars to push these changes through? Was there not a more efficient-for-shareholders way to do it?
In that context, how do you give investors confidence? I get this question a lot. How do you give investors confidence that five, 10 years down the line, you won't have to buy these bottlers back again in North America?

Question_19:

          I apologize, maybe I wasn't clear on the dilution piece to it. I understand the timing of the program. I'm not looking for timing in terms of when in 2017 something happens. I'm more looking longer-term. If you're getting rid of these businesses, you will be a better-growing business, right -- better margin, better-growing business, that's the hope, that's I think all of us, as we're trying to estimate longer-term.
I'm just trying to figure out, because you're going to be better, when do you offset the dilution? You're growing faster, you've taken a hit. When are you going to offset the dilution? At what point in time effectively do you become net positive and go beyond? That was the question; maybe Kathy you can refine your answer. I'll leave it at that, if you could help there?

Question_20:

          Okay. Just one last question, sorry, on diets. It looks like volumes were down 5%, but that's better than we've seen recently. Can you give us some color on whether you're seeing that actually stabilize or perhaps a little bit improve, or is it because Pepsi changed formulation and you guys are getting the benefit of it? Some idea whether that's getting better on diets would be helpful? Thank you, that's it for me.

