Answer_1:

          Good morning. 

Answer_2:

          Hi, John. It's Muhtar here. I'll just preface by saying the following, and then pass over to James. First, you know how much we've done and how much we focus on creating successful brands in our still portfolio. Of the $20-billion brands we have now, 14 of them are still brands, and our still business is performing well. Whether we take value-added dairy or enhanced hydration or juices and nectars or juice drinks, we play in all of those categories. In 2015, we gained share in all of those categories. 
If you look at how -- whether it's in developed markets or emerging or developing, our still beverage portfolio is being enhanced all the time. Also, and even in the case of waters and premium waters from Japan all the way through to Latin America, performing very well. 
You just heard now again, we've invested in -- we just recently invested, as you know, in Suja in the United States. We invested in Chi and Culiangwang in China. We continue to always reference that wherever we look, and if there's opportunities for bolt-on acquisitions, we will look at those favorably. If there are also opportunities for organic development of brands like Fair Life, we will certainly look at those also favorably, as we have done. 
I think we're very satisfied with our portfolio. Certainly we've got more work to do, as we have said in the call and in the remarks; but right now we feel that we've -- our portfolio is being transformed very well, and transitioned very well, and we are in a pretty good place -- and more work to continue. James? 


          Let me add one last thought, perhaps, John. At CAGNY, we talked about we have a 50 share of sparkling, and a 15 share of the stills. I think it's worth remembering that over the last 15 years we've gone from stills being less a single-digit part of our portfolio to now over 25% of our portfolio. 
I think there's a long-term track record of generating growth and value in stills. Even given today our market position, we expect to continue to grow faster in stills. As we said in the call, we are gaining share in every sub-category apart from one where we held it. We'll continue to look for bolt-on acquisitions to accelerate our growth. I think it's going to continue to be a faster-growing part of the business. 


          Also, just on the sparkling you asked, we certainly see also continued growth opportunities in our sparkling portfolio. That is naturally with the focus on revenues, it will skew more towards revenues, but certainly also as we have demonstrated and with our new campaign for Taste The Feeling campaign just being launched, and everything else that we are doing in terms of the investments with our aligned partners, we see growth opportunities in revenue, and also in volume in our sparkling beverage portfolio. 

Answer_3:

          Hi, Steve, it's Muhtar. First, I think we did expect the first quarter to trend slightly below the full year, driven by a couple of things. One, the macros are trending to the bottom -- toward the bottom in the first quarter, recognizing that the environment continues to be challenging, but we will continue to monitor that closely. 
The launch of our new campaign in the first quarter will certainly benefit the back half of the year. The benefit of Olympics marketing as we move into the second and third quarter, one less selling day which certainly you also mentioned. I think we are confident definitely in the strategy and initiatives in place to support our growth targets over the course of the year, and believe that we will land again in the corridor that we have stayed at in the past in February. James or Kathy, do you want to add anything? 


          No. 


          All right. 

Answer_4:

          Sure, Mark. There are really -- we look at the margins in CCR, the three primary drivers for what you're seeing. First of all, we have shifted some of the territories. We have transitioned some territories to date. We did that obviously before we put the financials out there earlier this quarter. 
Then if you remember, we incurred back in early 2010, 2011, 2012 time period, there was a significant hit to us from a run-up in commodity prices that certainly adversely impacted margins. Then the third thing I would say was we had to incur incremental costs to prepare that business for now being ready to be franchised and to strengthen that business. I think what we're seeing is improvement in the results that I would say today. Those three things really are impacting what you saw in the financials that we put out there. 

Answer_5:

          It's James here. Look, volume grew 2%. Core price mix was 2%, so that's the right answer. 

Answer_6:

          Judy, it's James here. A couple of things on Europe. One, it is worth noting that in this quarter, there was a disruption to the business in GB due to the supply chain. There's a one-off impact that we expect to see not recurring in the balance of the year. I think that's worth taking into account, and it was a material impact. 
Now looking for the rest of the year, you will see in the numbers we had pretty decent price mix in Europe in this quarter, and we are also looking to see volume improving versus the fourth quarter -- not just because of the supply situation, but also the new programs, the launch of the new marketing campaign, the launch of a new Coke Zero variant starting in GB, plus the Euro Cup, which will be in France this year. 
Of course, shortly we will hopefully complete CC Coca-Cola European partners, where there are very strong plans being put in place to drive that forward. I think some temporary factors, and the build-up of our ongoing investments should drive a better result in Europe in the balance of the year. 

Answer_7:

          Sure, James here. Let me -- I'll come to the numerical piece. Let me start off with -- the Asia-Pacific price mix is always a little bit of an oddity, because it's a group that brings together Japan and Australia, which are very high-revenue markets, but don't grow as quickly, along with a lot of emerging markets -- not just China, but India, Indonesia, and the Philippines, which grow much faster. 
There is an ongoing mechanical effect that creates a negative price mix for this group, which you can see over the years in Asia-Pacific. In 2013 full year it was minus 4%. In 2014, it was minus 2%. In 2015, it was minus 2%. In the first quarter of 2016 obviously it was minus 5%, but it was cycling a very atypical plus 3% in the first quarter of last year. 
I think what you will see is in the future quarters, it is a little volatile and bumpy, but the long-term trend is for a negative price mix in Asia, because of the dynamic of the fast growth of the emerging markets versus Japan and Australia. 

Answer_8:

          Ali, I'll start just by saying, as I indicated, first on the core, with one less selling day and on the core price mix of the core business without BIG, we certainly did get to the 4% in this quarter. What we feel looking at the downhill comparisons and looking at also all the programs in place, looking at how our business performance in all the different quarters and different groups, we feel confident that we still will achieve what we have said in February in terms of the top line for the full year. 
The marketing program, the additional marketing, the new marketing program that has just been launched, and then not having the one less selling day. Then also the continued franchising and all the programs that the bottlers have in place. Our US business is performing very well with its revenue growth, with its price mix, with its brands, with its portfolio. That will continue in -- we have every confidence that it will continue. 
Then we will see -- we do believe that macros have -- are at the bottom, and that there will be in the second half a certain degree of improvement in the macros. Even if they do not -- if they stay the same, we feel confident with the current macro situation that we will get to the corridor that we have specified, we have indicated and shared with you in February. Any other comments, James, Kathy? 


          No, I think the one thing I would add, Ali, is obviously there's a strong momentum in the North America business. We called that out as the place where the strategies are working. Then the other countries I put in the other two buckets, there's degrees of implementation of the strategy. You can go to around the world. There were places which were struggling in 2014, and maybe even in 2015. As we've been executing the strategy, the momentum is starting to come back to some of those countries, and it's starting to build over time. 
I think, as Muhtar said, the first quarter was within the envelope of expectation for our guidance, and we can see based on what we are doing within our control, within a reasonable scenario of macros, we will stay within that corridor for the rest of the year. But in the end, only results will answer the questions. 

Answer_9:

          I think on that, predominantly we have existing bottlers that are expanding, if you look at the percentages of territories that have been franchised. Then we have, in order to ensure that we can get to the right level of diversity in our bottling business and the right level of also representation, we have also selected some new partners like in Florida, like in Chicago, and like now, the most recent one announced. 
We feel that is a healthy mix and that's also a healthy balance, and we have the right -- very much the right approach and the right alignment with our expanding bottling partners, whether they are just entering our system, or they are proven expanding bottlers like the ones that we have mostly franchised new distribution to in the past year. 

Answer_10:

          Certainly, Bill. Really, the gross margin decline is really impacted by two things, really. It's currency and it's the structural impact. Currency, I think like 80 basis points, would have added 80 basis points back to our gross margin. The structural impact actually would add significantly more than that. It's really as simple as that. It's really about currency and our structural adjustments. 

Answer_11:

          Let me take a bite of that, Kevin. I think the answer on the slow-down, we don't get all the category numbers necessarily. Clearly, as we're gaining share in that top-line number, there's got to be some weakness in the category versus the long-term target of 5%. I think we talked a little bit about that at CAGNY, about how our expectations for 2016 and 2017 were below the long-term 5% dollar value for any RTD. There's definitely some of that. 
I think you can see the macros influencing the industry in the sense that a number of the emerging markets, particularly the commodity ones, where we have had the slow-down, and that's clearly flowing through into the industry. 
I think what I would highlight is we're going to focus on what we can control. We have a long-standing game plan of what to do in countries that are in crisis, focusing on really gaining a lot of share to set ourselves up profitably for the long-term, as we did in a lot of countries in the past. It seems to be working now as we gain share in the Chinas and the Russias and Brazils. It will pay off in the end. 
I think the visibility, look, we are managing to our corridors at the top and the bottom line. We feel that this quarter was within the envelope. Clearly the macros slightly better, slightly worse, will be an influence in where we end up; but we've got a lot of management left to do in the balance of the year. 

Answer_12:

          Good morning. 


          Good morning, Bill. 

Answer_13:

          Bill, this is Muhtar. We've said from the beginning first that the new campaign is not just a new campaign, but also it's a new strategy in terms of the one-brand strategy, and that it's got many advantages. We expect it to give us significant efficiencies and effectiveness. 
But also in terms of how we communicate with our consumers, it will certainly play into that as we execute the strategy, and we've now launched the new campaign. Then I'll let James comment in terms of you asked the Mexico specific example, but also there's also many other places where it's been tested, and tested favorably. Go ahead, James. 


          Yes, Bill, a few thoughts. One, the initial pilot markets, the two sources of very clear impact were one, it helped us expand and grow the zero-calorie variant of Coca-Cola by driving availability and driving trials. We would expect to see benefits on the zero-sugar variance. 
The second big area of benefit is it helps us create what we would call corporate blocking.  In other words, we execute in stores all the variants of Coca-Cola together as one big block, has a much greater store impact, visual impact, engagement with people who are shopping the stores. 
I think slightly more strategically and back to Muhtar's point, this is an implementation of a strategic idea. I'm sure we'll evolve it. I'm sure we'll make it better, but it's the strategic idea that's important. It's not just about the efficiency in the advertising. It's about helping consumers join and stay in the Coca-Cola franchise, whatever the ingredients they want to manage, including their management of added sugars, whether that's in drinks or any other categories that have added sugar in. This has a number of benefits that are going to play out strategically, and we will keep improving the execution. 

Answer_14:

          Good morning. 

Answer_15:

          One point I would just add, Amit, would be that the US compared to the rest of the world, the prevalence of small packages was much less in the United States three or four years ago compared to the rest of the world. If you look at Europe and places like Spain, or if you look at many countries in Latin America, you had much more prevalence of smaller packages then in the United States. 
In a way, the United States in the last four or five years, but particularly last two and a half years, has moved very rapidly to the 12-ounce glass to the 8-ounce glass to the 7.5-ounce can, to the 8.5-ounce aluminum bottle. That has really worked. Those are all growing double digits in the United States because of two -- the consumer customer preferences, and also benefiting our system because they have a higher price per liter. That's in a way playing out from what was already prevailing in many parts of the world in the past. 

Answer_16:

          Good morning. 

Answer_17:

          Vivian, I think a couple of things. One, obviously most of our campaigns are weighted into the second, third, and fourth quarters. Those are the biggest quarters. Even Taste The Feeling, we announced it this quarter, but it's only really hitting at towards the end of the quarter and rolling out in the rest of the year, as with the Euro Cup and the Olympics. I think a lot of the programs are going in later this year. They -- obviously the execution is there, so we would expect to see better performance in trademark Coca-Cola going into the downhill. 
I would make one other note, which is the relative change in where global growth is coming from, or industry growth is coming from -- a little more in developed and developing, a little less in emerging -- tends to create a portfolio effect that weighs a little more against sparkling and therefore Coca-Cola, because those emerging markets tend to be more sparkling orientated. You see North American, Latin America, Japan, with stronger stills growth. We do expect to see growth. We would expect to see it coming back. There is a geographic mix impact, but when we look at the markets, we believe we will be back on track with Coca-Cola. 

Answer_18:

          Robert, it's Muhtar here. I think first, in terms of the efficiencies, the most important benefit will be simpler and less-fragmented communication with the consumer. That will be the biggest benefit. But also, it will certainly help provide -- create more efficiencies and effectiveness in our non-working DME, and therefore will also provide some productivity in that respect. But the most important benefit will certainly be a less cluttered and better and more direct communication with the consumer base. 
In terms of the trial of product, that will certainly come as a result of that, of what James mentioned in terms of better presence in the store, in terms of better merchandising, in terms of better interruptions in the store, and also in terms of the communication piece. 
We believe that the most important benefit of this will infuse and will come to brands like Coca-Cola Zero with more availability, better communication, and have the broad perspective of the global campaign, as opposed to every different brand under the Coca-Cola trademark having their own campaigns. That will be how I think the benefits will come. We -- trials and pilots so far have proven that in Europe and other parts of the world. 

