Answer_1:
Okay. Good morning, Steve. Let me try and get to China, and let me start from the top and work downwards, if I may. Firstly, it's clear that when you look at the whole company, almost half our revenue comes from bottling versus the other half comes from concentrate and franchise. But given, as you all know, that our bottling business comes with 4 to 5 times more revenue per drink sold and the accompanying cost, any effect on the revenue of the bottler is going to have a magnified impact on revenue and much less on profits, which is part of this dynamic. 
In China, it's our largest international bottling operation. We own bottlers that are roughly 20% of the global business. But the business one outside the US is China. So, that's where it's coming from and it's the mechanical impact of being hit in China where we own about one-third of the system that is creating that whole difference between the 3% and 4%. 
And what we have assumed in our outlook, just to be more confident and clear in our competence going forward, is we have not really assumed that China is going to get better in the rest of the year. If it did, that would be great, but we are assuming it's not in terms of our outlook and guidance, but obviously we're working to try and make it better. 
Now, as I said, what's changing as you try to split the difference, what's changing is both the consumer and the supply chain. I think in round numbers from a revenue perspective, you've got about half the impact coming from the consumer and half coming from the supply chain. What's happening on the consumer, you can see it in the scan Nielsen, and the non-scan Nielsen is probably a bit worse than the scan Nielsen in terms of slowdown in sellouts to the consumers of all types of FMCG categories. So, it is a broad-based consumer slowdown. 
Within that, from a beverage point of view, you have juice drinks and juices which are more to the rural areas and blue-collar. They are down double digits in terms of revenue from a consumer point of view. Something like Coke is down low single digits and premium waters is growing. 
So, there's a shift in the category mix going on, which also actually impacts revenue because juice drink prices tend to be higher than sparkling or water. That doesn't flow through to profitability. So, there is a rebasing going on in there. 
But, as I said, about half of it is the supply chain, the whiplash effect of the destocking by the customers. And that, as you say, is likely to be a much shorter-term impact. But, again, we're working on it but we're not including any improvement on that in our outlook, although clearly we want to get focused on it and get it to work. 
I agree with you, the consumer thing will take a little more time to come back, which is why we are focused on the game plan we know that works in downturns where we focus on affordability, on premiumizing for those parts of the country, like the premium metro areas, and bringing out new products to them, and that way we believe we can gain value share, which we continue to do in China so that we are set up as the consumer starts recovering. So, about half and half, and we believe that the consumer will come back and the supply chain will sort itself out in the relative short term in the rest of this year. 
Now, with regards to the refranchising, obviously can't really comment on the M&A, but I would say that we and our partners all believe in the long-term potential of the China market. We are very excited. And, as I said, because a large part of what's happening in the short term is destocking and inventory, everyone is looking past that and looking to the long term. And I think there is still good motivation and animation by everyone to get the deal done. And we'll obviously, from our point of view, make sure we do it on the right terms for ourselves, and they will be looking for the right terms for them, but we still think it is the right deal for everyone and with a good likelihood of getting done. 

Answer_2:
Dara, I'll just comment first and then maybe I ask Kathy and James if they want to add anything. But certainly you've answered part of it by saying that, yes, revenue challenges are coming from those areas that have much lower margins, number one, for sure. And then, secondly, productivity efforts are continuing that is driving the margin expansion in quarter two. Kathy mentioned the significant margin expansions that we achieved and I think productivity efforts are going to continue. 
And then, finally, I think there's also a mix. Some of our better markets are doing well, like the United States and Mexico, and also in the Far East and Japan. So there's a mix issue. 
And then, finally, the commodities continue to be pretty benign in terms of the outlook. So, those are the things that play into altogether, but primarily also the one that you mentioned which is the revenue, challenges are coming from much lower margin areas in terms of our business there. Kathy, anything to add? 

No, I would say those are the reasons, which I would say probably you're picking up the fact that we do have more difficult comps in the back half for some of the things that Muhtar mentioned. But we are confident that we will still be on our guidance. 

Yes, we are overall very confident. The changes in marketing, the strategy on innovation pipeline, the one-brand strategy which is just at the beginning, the promotions that we have in store in the summer around the Olympics, the price/mix expansion that we've experienced in quarter two, all of that we feel play into the equation, and give us confidence in the back half that there are slightly more challenging comps in the back, that we can actually cycle them and achieve them going forward, and feel confident that we can. 

Answer_3:
Okay, Ali. Basically, it's in the rounding. So, yes, we gave comparable currency-neutral guidance on EPS of 4% to 6%, and that was comparable currency neutral. So, then when you either take out another rounded point of structural -- so it rounds it down but it's really a rounding point of structural -- and if you take out currency, that gets you basically in that, the actual numbers, if you take out only 1 point of structural, gets you to 3% to 6%. But then it's in the rounding, so that's how we came up with the 4% to 7%. 
If you start with the 4% to 6%, you back out the currency and you back at a rounded point of structural, that gets you down to your 3% to 6%, and then it's really in the rounding you get to the 4% to 7%. 

Answer_4:
No, that's correct. 

Answer_5:
Sure. I think perhaps that's two questions in the second question there, Ali. But let me have a go. In terms of re-assessing the actions, that's both on the places with momentum and the places that are suffering. There are parts of the business that are growing strongly, whether that's at one end of the spectrum like US and Japan where we've got good momentum. The US grew organically 4% in the quarter. Japan is growing well. 
We are increasing the amount of spend as we see the tailwinds and the effectiveness of the market being the innovation or the execution. So, we are reallocating money to the places that have momentum. And that's on the developed end like the US and Japan, it's also on the emerging end like Indonesia and the Philippines and places like that. So, we are going where we see the opportunities to get the biggest bang for the buck. 
Now, we're taking some of the money from those markets that are under the most pressure and in those places we are prioritizing. Yes, there's still some advertising, but we are doing innovations and we are doing execution, and, very importantly, doing affordability. The most extreme example, perhaps, is Venezuela where there was no sugar and we've actually doubled down and really driving Coke with zero sugar in Venezuela with a full read one-brand look. 
There are places where we are adjusting to the need. Just because you advertise doesn't mean people are going to buy if it's an affordability problem. I think China is a good example of where affordability is in there, as well. And I think I've talked a bit about China. 
But the game plan that we've used in those emerging markets under pressure, we're really rolling out. So, that reassessing is moving some top-line money to those with momentum, and doubling down on execution and affordability and innovation in those pressured markets. 
That goes a bit to the advertising. Advertising is up this quarter as we continue to see the value of advertising as part of the marketing mix in combination with innovation and execution. It's only when you get all of those together that you really get the best returns. So, we always look to make sure that all three are there, otherwise we'll end up wasting our money. 
We are out there and we're pushing ahead with it. And I think what we always have said is that advertising takes some time to work. So, for example, the one-brand strategy that we launched, announced, in the first quarter we started the rollout, the latest iteration of the graphics went into Mexico a couple of months ago. That sort of marketing innovation takes time to build up an effect. 
So, we will keep pressing away with the investments and keep assessing. It's too early to call the success. We'd do that towards the end of the year. But we are focused on making that work. 

Just to add to the point of ROIC on the marketing, when you take into account the price/mix expansion going from 1% to 3% in the quarter, when you take into account the core business that we have, which is really the Company that's emerging out of this very rapid transformation and refranchising, is growing still at a point ahead of the total Company currently, consolidated number, which is at 4, which is within our long-term growth targets that we've espoused to and talked about. I think that's also not maybe a micro metric but certainly an important metric to consider in terms of the payback on also all the activity. 
We're still in the early days of the one-brand strategy just launched in Mexico a few months ago, just launched in Europe and parts of Europe. Again, we feel confident that is going to continue to work in our benefit, coupled with the marketing that James talked about. 

Answer_6:
Sure, let me start. I don't think any of the unit case pressure in the second quarter was due to the reorganization. I think the trends on unit cases -- and let me just put out another way of looking at it -- have started at the beginning of the year. 
I think it is probably one of the few times we've seen the developed and our developing countries grow volume, and actually seen the emerging markets decline in aggregate. I know we only put out the numbers by groups but if you look at developed economies and developing economies, you see volume growth in both those blocks of countries. 
In the end, our business, when you take the segmented roles, we've got volume growth and price/mix growth in developed and developing countries, which is very positive in terms of the long-term trajectory of the business. North America has got multi years of making that work in the revenue line. So, that's very strong. 
The volume weakness is all in the emerging markets and it's all concentrated in a few of the emerging markets. It's big in some of those markets but it's very concentrated. And the people then on the country levels are all largely still the same and working on these problems. 
So, hopefully that gives you a little insight on where the volume weakness is, but I don't think it has anything to do with the reorganization. In fact, I think the reorganization is helping us bring some refreshed views and some experience on what to do in emerging market weakness going forward in the downhill this year and into the future. 
And then on the price/mix, 3% is a good result. I think we've always talked about, our long-term growth model calls for 4% to 6% revenue growth, and we see a balanced split between volume and price/mix into the future. So, that gives you a 2% to 3% for price/mix component of the long-term growth. So, 3% is a strong result. Long may it live. But the long-term growth model, we are looking for 4% to 6% in a balanced way. 

Answer_7:
Sure. On Europe, I think Europe got a little bit better this quarter. There are things weighing on our business. I'm not a big fan of calling out weather as a driver of performance. The weather occurs for good or for bad all around the world. 
Now, in the case of Spain and also France, that end of the Mediterranean, it was particularly poor in the middle part of the quarter. So, that's really what's driving, what's going on in the Spanish business, and also it impacted the French business. 
We see Europe getting a little bit better. We had some good results out of Germany, and, as you said, some sequential improvement out of GB cycling out of some of the supply chain problems as they got fixed that came out of the first quarter. So, we see that starting to improve going forward. But I think -- I hate calling out the weather but I think that's really the reason in Spain and France, and I think we'll start to see those businesses get better. 
Now, it is worth saying that we've got a lot of good programs in Europe, but the recent tragic events in Belgium, in France and recently in Germany, do weigh on consumer sentiment and consumer behavior. They go out less. We have strong on-premise businesses -- in fact, particularly in Spain -- and that is being dragged down as people respond to some of these tragic events by perhaps staying at home a little more. That hopefully will get better in time as the security situation improves. 
But I don't want to get into weather and global events. I think the business in Europe can get better. We've got a lot of launches coming up and we've got some strong programs. So, I think Europe can continue to perform. 

Answer_8:
I'm not going to comment on the beginning of July from a volume perspective. I would note that I think July was the biggest ever month for Spain last year, so they've got some tough comps to cycle. They had a record summer last year. 
The underlying business in Spain is improving. Firstly, the economy's getting better. Secondly, the supermarket environment in terms of rational pricing and some of the activities is getting better. And the Spanish bottler made a massive investment going into last year to reinvest in returnable glass, which is one of the preeminent places in the world where this is true in the on-premise account, and that's starting to show good results, notwithstanding the weather and the security impacts in the year to date. 
And now with the CCEP deal closed, and management fully focused on leveraging the best of the marketing, the best of the innovation, and really doubling down on the execution, I think we'll start to see improvements in Spain and the other CCEP territories. 

And on currency, yes, we did not change our guidance this quarter. We've had a lot of movement in some key currencies but basically they are offsetting each other. 
Given the volatility that we've seen across the portfolio, some currencies are getting better, like Brazil; some are staying the same or getting worse like in Mexico. Our hard currencies, we are hedged 100% basically. And then we hedge our emerging market currencies on a short-term basis opportunistically. With 2017 being fully hedged for our hard currencies, obviously our exposure then would be basically in our emerging market currencies. 

Answer_9:
2017, that's correct. 

Answer_10:
Judy, good morning. Again, it's Muhtar. First, I think James talked in detail about where the volume shortfalls were coming from, and specifically related to certain large emerging markets that drove that number. That's related to Brazil, that's related to China, being the large ones, but also Russia. All of those emerging markets that used to have better disposable incomes, better macro conditions, basically drove some of that. And going forward certainly we expect some improvement in that area. That's number one. 
Number two, I think important to note that, again, mentioned the developed markets grew and developing markets grew volume, and were ahead of the total Company number, which was flat, and ahead of emerging markets. That itself will tell you that certainly the price/mix coming from those markets and then the total geographic mix that coupled with that is something that was instrumental in driving our price/mix number in the way it landed in the quarter. So, all of those factors and all the algebra coming together is what made that -- the country mix coming out of that, the geographic mix, and then the volume coupled with the pricing that we got. 
Today, when you look at our US business, with 4% organic revenue growth in North America, that tells you that is in the upper certainly and very much in the upper quartile of all large consumer businesses in the country. We're doing very well. Japan performed well. Again, Mexico performed very well in terms of the volume and pricing combined driving the total number, of price/mix. 
So all of that really goes to explain and hopefully that answers your question on that. Anything to add James, there? Okay. 

On the price/mix question, Judy, we did have this quarter price/mix was positive across in all other groups -- yes, primarily driven by Latin America and inflationary pricing but also operational pricing in EAG. But then it was offset by segment mix coming from the bottling investment segment. 
So, as James said, pricing of 2% to 3% is what we expect and what we would think would be very good pricing and in line with our segmentation strategy. Even though EAG was probably out of its normal range at this point, North America pricing is still very strong. We do believe in the segment strategy, and the 2% to 3% is what we expect going forward. 

And then the sparkling segment, just to finalize that, continues to be a segment of the nonalcoholic ready-to-drink where consumers continue to spend a very large amount of money in terms of consumer spend and in terms of the dollar value. It's still very healthy and that's why it gives us confidence looking into the future about what we are doing in terms of the segmented revenue growth strategy and in terms of the marketing approach and the one-brand strategy in taking the lion's share of that spend going forward. 

Answer_11:
I think, in your first question, our medium-term outlook for the industry hasn't really changed. We're still expecting robust growth in the industry in the long term, driven by disposable income, urbanization, the middle class, innovation. We see these things expanding now. We've talked about that being in the 5% ballpark and then probably in the next few years talked about it being in the 4%. So, we do see it coming back over time, but we do see industry growth slightly moderated in the short term, as we talked a little bit about in some of the previous conferences. 
Now, you did ask the question, we seemed short-term. Give me a second to just read on the line. From our point of view, the biggest mechanical impact in the quarter and the year to date is this asymmetry between where we own bottlers and where it's less than 20% of the volume, or about 20% of the volume, versus being in 200 countries. If you pass the bottling side and just look at the core concentrater franchise, we are running organic at 4% and we are meeting our profit guidance. 
We are not trying to say small ups and downs in the macro economies is what should buffet us every quarter. We just need to deal with those things. I just think there's this one asymmetrical effect at the bottling thing, which is important, which is affecting the number. But I don't want to give the impression we're seeing a massive, or trying to signal a deterioration in outlook for the concentrater franchise business. 
Now, with regard to Coke FEMSA, yes, we've talked about looking at some territories on a preferred basis. I'm not going to get into exactly how that means in terms of what preferred means versus exclusive, but they are our biggest bottling partner. We have a very strong relationship. We have made an agreement on how we're going to create more value together in Mexico and how they can look to participate in some of the refranchising of the territories that we own in bottling. And we're very excited about doing more stuff together. 

Answer_12:
Yes, in part, please read into this that we are moving the business to more of a revenue focus. Absolutely, under the heading -- everything communicates -- that is part of what we're trying to say. We believe in our segmented revenue approach. It's not that we have forgotten about volume or don't believe it's an underlying driver in the long term, particularly in the emerging markets, of what's going to create the business over the long term. 
But as we look at places like North America and some of the other developed markets, clearly we're going after more of a revenue strategy that's driven by smaller packages, by some pricing actions. We do want to call out that perhaps the best way to think about health of the business going into the future is the revenue growth. And that's where I think what we're trying to say is, not just the beverage industry, the sparkling industry category and brand Coke all remain healthy in terms of revenue growth. All three of those are growing revenue globally, and we continue to see good attraction both in the US in terms of sparkling revenue growth and internationally in terms of sparkling revenue growth. 

