Question_1:
Great, hi, good morning. Maybe we could start with a question for James on China mainly, because it sounds like that market was the biggest driver of the gap between your reported 3% organic growth and the 4% core number that you cited. And I'm guessing it cost you roughly 1 point of unit case volume in the quarter, as well. So, first, is that right? 
But, more importantly, is there a way to parse how much of the adverse impact is tied to the macro slowing, which I think is more likely to persist, versus supply chain corrections and wholesaler inventory destockings, which might hopefully be more transitory? I'm really trying to assess just how much of a headwind China was in Q2, and then how severe you expect the ongoing headwind to be, acknowledging the improvement initiatives that you called out? 
And then, finally, do the issues facing BIG in China impede at all your ability to refranchise that market on time and on favorable terms? Thanks. 

Question_2:
Hi, good morning. I wanted to better understand why you maintain the FX neutral income before taxes guidance despite the negative full-year top-line revision. I'm assuming part of that is just the top-line weakness in lower-margin areas, so probably less of a margin impact. But can you give us more detail on why the local FX profit goals have not been as impacted by top-line weakness, and how much visibility you have on the profit side, and any leverage you have to protect downside if macros weaken further? 

Question_3:
Hey, guys, just a couple clarifications. One is, back to guidance, and look at comparable currency-neutral income before taxes is still in the 6% to 8% range for 2016 relative to Q1 guidance, so you gave that same guidance in Q1. And the structural move only went from negative 3% to 4%, to negative 4%, so like a 50 basis points change there. Currency is still an 8% to 9% drag. 
I'm confused about what's driving the EPS guidance effectively down by 2 points at the midpoint. So, what's going on between before tax and the EPS to drag it down another 2 points? Because the only thing that seems like it's changing is the structural, in what you've told us, relative to Q1. That's my first question and I have another one, if you permit me. 

Question_4:
Okay. I have trouble getting there. Maybe I will follow. I still see it being an incremental point somewhere in there. But basically you are saying there's no real difference between -- there's no change in the gap between PBT and EPS, taxes and changing. There's no other things in there, right? 

Question_5:
Okay. Maybe I'll follow-up just about the rounding point to help me with my math. 
The second piece is, in the press release, and, James, in some of your comments, I think, you said we are -- I'm quoting from the release -- re-assessing local market initiatives. Can you tell us a little bit more about what you mean exactly? So, where? Is it all about China, perhaps Argentina? And is advertising spend as a percentage of sales still up for you in the quarter? And does it impact in any way this confidence we had a year ago, six months ago, about really good ROIs on the marketing spend? Thanks. 

Question_6:
Yes, thanks for the question. Just two quick ones for me. There's a lot of stuff going on at Coke right now -- international organization, management, refranchising and accelerated pace. I'm just curious if you can give us some clarity on maybe how much of the volume issue this quarter was partly related to disruption. 
And then just on the price/mix, it's a pretty good number. We've seen a 3% price/mix a couple times over the past two years. Just curious on what you think the sustainability of that magnitude of price/mix is as we think out the next one to two years? 

Question_7:
Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Two questions, one on Europe specifically, James. I am surprised Spain was down in the quarter. You cited weather but it's been doing pretty well. So, what is going on in Spain beyond weather? 
And can you give us any color on Great Britain, because Europe overall had a nice sequential, or at least did better than where consensus was. So, looking for some color there. 
And then, Kathy, on FX, really no change in your FX view for the year. Can you remind us how you are hedged on some key currencies and how that might play out the duration of those hedges and what those currencies are? 

Question_8:
Great. And a quick follow-up on that specific to Spain. What does your work say about underlying health of the business either because of performance in July? You're saying it sequentially should get better but I'm just wondering what's underlying that? How are you getting to that? 

Question_9:
So, you said you are fully hedged for hard currencies for calendar 2017, for the duration of 2017? 

Question_10:
Thank you, good morning. I wanted to go back and follow-up on the price/mix question. Clearly the 3% is a good number, but obviously you are benefiting from pretty high inflationary markets. So, I just wanted to better understand how much of this is really coming from your segmentation, the revenue segmentation strategy, versus the price growth that you are seeing in inflationary markets. Any granularity that you can give us will be helpful. 
And then a little bit related to that, I think the flat volume growth that you've seen this quarter, I can't recall the last time you had this kind of volume trend. So, again, how much of this is really a function of your strategy to focus more on revenue and not chase unprofitable volume growth, and if this is something that you'd be willing to accept for some period of time? 

Question_11:
Hi, good morning, everyone. Just two quick ones. One, for James, you talked a lot, I think, on this call about some of the short-term things that have affected organic sales and changes sequentially in the environment since the start of the year. Can you just update us on what your view for the industry forecast is, maybe not so much for this year but just over the medium term? Has there been any change in terms of what you think the nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverage industry is going to grow over the medium term? 
And then, second question, you had mentioned Coke FEMSA earlier. It looks like you've got an agreement with them to negotiate on a preferred basis. Can you just expand upon that a little bit? Are they exclusively looking at some of these territories or is it a matter that they are just getting the first look? Thank you. 

Question_12:
Hi, good morning. Thank you for the question. As I look at some of the disclosure in the press release, it seems like you've broken from convention a little bit -- a lot less brand disclosure, trademark Coca-Cola only hold out in North America, you guys aren't breaking out sparkling and stills anymore. So, I'm just curious if we can get a little more color on trademark Coke outside of North America and China, and also whether the change in convention speaks to a broader shift in terms of how you are thinking about balancing volumes across your portfolio? Thank you. 

