Answer_1:

          This is Muhtar. And just let me say a few things on the global macros, and I'll pass it over to James also to reflect on your -- particularly your second question on -- and I assume the second question you had was mainly talking to U.S. bottlers, but you can clarify that. As far as -- the world growth based on recent -- latest numbers from IMF or taken from any other organization is expected to rise in 2017 from -- versus 2016 by about 0.5 percent point, so, like, going from 3.1 to about 3.5, just under 0.5%, and further expected to slightly improve in '18. Based on the latest numbers, always what we have seen in our business is that the industrial production index, IPI, kind of goes a little bit ahead of disposable income growth, and that's what we are experiencing once again here. So yes, some countries, growth looks better, China for sure. India, with the impact of the currency exchange initiative, still is moving out of that, as James mentioned. And as well as Brazil and Venezuela, I think we can term as being in deep recession. And then geopolitical factors in the Middle East and part of North Africa probably means the balance of risks remain still tilted to the downside, if you like. But there was a divergence in terms of the consumer confidence index since 2014, and that's narrowing down between the developing world and the developed world, which is a positive. That means the developing world is getting a little better from a confidence index point of view. And I think we're seeing that in parts of Africa, like particularly big markets, in Nigeria, and then, again, in -- our business in China also is reflecting the improved macros. And then we still see growth in Japan, Korea, in the industrial markets, which is a very positive sign. Again, as we -- as the emerging and developing markets get better, we see there's still growth coming from the developed markets, as in Western Europe and Japan and Korea. So that's sort of what I would like to just say on the macros. And then, James, go ahead and...


          Sure. Thanks, Muhtar. So Nik, I think particularly as your question seemed more U.S. oriented, I mean, in the end this is an and answer. Our objective is not to run from one side of the ship to the other. This is an and answer. We need the company and the bottlers individually and collectively to make both work. And I think the U.S. is an example, where we have a vibrantly growing revenue line for sparkling and a vibrantly growing revenue line for the other categories. We're -- there, we're engaging the consumers. We're improving our execution. So I think it's about growth. It's about expanding and responding to consumer and customer needs. And I think we have demonstrated over the last number of years that we can vibrantly grow both, and that is absolutely our strategy going forward. And that'll be good for us, and it will be good for the bottlers.

Answer_2:

          Thanks. Thanks, Dara. And I'll probably go with the M&A and then the portfolio question. I mean, obviously, we're not going to comment on our outlook on likely M&A. I think we've said 3 things related to M&A in the past. I would re-underline them. One, anything we do needs to fit strategically in where we're trying to go. Secondly, it needs to be financially attractive, and that's not always the case. And third, there is some degree of opportunism because it takes 2 to tango. You need not just a willing acquiree; you need a willing seller. So I think whilst we have a view -- an ongoing view of what assets are out there, small, medium and large, that are attractive to us, of course, that is something that is not predictable in time. So whilst we imagine we will continue to do bolt-on acquisitions, everything else is not -- you can't predicate your strategy necessarily on that. So we focus on driving what we can organically. We have taken the rest of the portfolio outside of sparkling from a single-digit piece of our business at the turn of -- when -- 10, 15 years ago to over 1/4 of the business. Of course, we would love to increase the runway -- run rate at which we broaden our portfolio, and we were certainly seeking to do so. But the law of big numbers is also true. It's not going to magically change overnight. We need to build winning propositions with the consumers, with the customers and build the physical infrastructure that economically makes that happen in a profitable way. So yes, more acceleration outside of sparkling whilst -- and I return to the answer to the previous question, it's an and, continuing to grow the revenue of the sparkling category. And therefore, we will consecutively broaden out where we get to. At some point, will it be more balanced? Absolutely. Will it be broader? Absolutely. But we will look to do the right things at the right pace.

Answer_3:

          Sure. I'm not sure that I'd base the dynamic of one question at a time, but I'll give it a go and cover off some of those pieces. Look, on the categories and balancing, of course, as we approach into new brands or new categories in new countries, there is an investment curve as you build the brand. But this needs to be managed through a portfolio. I mean, one -- the fact that a new brand is being launched in country X doesn't mean it's not already developed in country Y, and therefore, it's already profitable and generating cash. So we need to manage the total portfolio effect, which is not just across categories but across the life-stage development of any one brand and category across the world because they're not equally developed everywhere. So there's a portfolio management thing. Of course, our objective, whatever the category, is to build brands and positions that are inherently profitable once we get to the appropriate scale. So we're not trying to build things that will never arrive. We're trying to build brands in categories, whether it's inherent in the brand or inherent in the package side, that can be profitable for us and the bottling system. In terms of the leadership appointments and how the work will be impacted, I mean, we've done a lot of things. I mean, a lot of the impacts on the work is the nexus of we're about to enter the post-refranchising stage. So we're going to go from well over 110,000 employees to under 40,000 employees by some point next year. There's just physically less stuff that needs to get done at the Corporate Center to support that organization. Secondly, technology keeps advancing, and what is possible to anticipate and get done using technology and change the way work can be done is a lot more today than it was a number of years ago. We need to embed that in, in the organization. And then the third thing is the ongoing efforts to define new ways of doing the same thing with less resources or getting more bang for the buck because we can be innovative in the way we run our processes. So that goes across each of the corporate functions, including the enabling transaction-based services and there's a plan in each place. Now as it relates to Francisco and that organization, I think one of the -- there's 2 points that I base our logic to. The first one is if our principal operating model is local and geographic, that is the franchise system. I mean, you got to choose one principal avenue to organize against. Anything you organize against will have its blind spots, and then you can mitigate against that. So one of the roles of Francisco's group is to provide the global perspective and the category perspective because it's the inverse -- it's a theme that the field -- the sum of the field might miss. So that's part of why the Corporate Center exists. The second reason to bring all the pieces together is as brands and experiences are created today and into the future, it's less cleanly delineated between a TV ad or a customer program or anything else. There's a much greater intersection and integration of how to engage with consumers and shoppers. And therefore, bringing together in one group the classical marketing pieces with a customer piece with a commercial piece and with the strategy, underpinned with the digital engagement, is what's going to allow us to more seamlessly operate in this new environment.

Answer_4:

          Sure. So I think the changes are structural and strategic. We need to reset the price/pack architecture. We're going to use more returnables as an infrastructure and investment channel. So we're resetting. I mean, it's worth remembering that the contraction in the Brazilian economy, it's contracted more in the last few years than it contracted in the last decade of the '80s and more than it contracted in the depression in the 1920s last year -- last century. So this is -- Brazil has undergone a major economic contraction. So we're resetting what we're doing in Brazil around pack/price architecture, how we go to market and how we push that forward. So it will take some time to get in place. And also, frankly, the stabilization in the Brazilian economy will continue to take time. Now the other thing impacting the Latin American numbers, it's worth underlining it doesn't always hit [ across our ] radar screen is Venezuela. And Venezuela is substantially negative in the first quarter, and I think that really is macroeconomic. And it's not about resetting our business. It's about the country is in the state it's in. But the Brazilian thing, just to summarize, the changes are strategic. They'll take some time. We expect that to play through this year.

Answer_5:

          Sure. So starting with the additional $800 million, I mean, the driver of the change, the principal driver is the reorganization of the Corporate Center, the 1,200 positions I talked about. That's the majority of the $800 million or a little over half the $800 million. Then there are some parts in cost of goods and a little bit in marketing. So the majority is in operating expense and in the reorganization of the corporate organization that I've just talked about. So that's what's driving it, and it's about the 3 things I said. It's anticipating post-refranchising, it's the impacts of technology, and it's the choices on what work we're doing, doing the work differently. That's what's driving the extra $800 million. Now the $800 million -- the comment around reinvesting half was related to the $800 million very specifically. So that's, that one. Now obviously, we've seen some margin expansion. I mean, implicit in our guidance this year already is some dropping of the base productivity program through into margin because you'll calculate that the revenue currency-neutral structural is at the 3 and that when you take operating income is substantially higher than that, then obviously, that's offset by some negative financing leverage. So as -- the '14, '15 and '16, I think you're largely right. In '17, you're seeing much more drop into operating leverage. And the comment is about the $800 million going forward, half -- a little over half is reinvested. As it relates to refranchising, we don't -- we still believe we can meet the deadline and get the U.S. refranchised this year. Of course, we're not going to do the wrong deals for the sake of hitting a date. But we think the right deals are possible, and we think that we are still on track with our plan. And as you say, we're seeing benefits in the refranchised territories. I'm not sure I would give a specific number that can be kind of inserted over the top on everything else. But clearly, the idea of reorientating and rebuilding the U.S. system so that it's stronger, and putting in place the different pieces, the manufacturing, the governance, the IT, the way the system works, support our long-term strategy of rational pricing and some growth for continued revenue growth in the U.S. is underpinned by the success of the refranchisings in the U.S. And obviously, we closed out on the 1st of April in China and the merger of the Japanese bottlers.

Answer_6:

          So firstly, Laurent, I hate to disappoint you, but we're not going to be disclosing that the starting point and break down the geographic groups as well by cluster and have all of that laid out. The goals by cluster, clearly, we have goals by cluster. The more they move from sparkling, the more they move from the things we've been building over the last 15 years, the faster we expect the percentage growth rate. But in terms in absolute, it is worth remembering that sparkling, still in absolute terms, provides the greatest incremental amount of revenue to the corporation of any one category. And the -- as I said, just let me make a detailed point. The growth officer, we're not moving to an operating model where we're having global category P&Ls and running the business through global category P&Ls. The operating model decision is to run the business locally, to drive local entrepreneurship and empowerment of the operating units but to use the growth opportunity setup to be strategic to make sure that we stay connected to what's happening when you take a top-down perspective or a category perspective and have the ripened -- and some authority on bringing those insights and those needs and those initiatives to the table so that when -- we, as the corporation, we're not going to try and run everything for the operating units, but we will make a few strategic bets, and some of those will be driven from the cluster approach.

Answer_7:

          Sure. I think the principal difference on the reinvestment of the half of the $800 million is up to now, I would say the majority of what we've done has gone into the sparkling category business around the world. I think here, the clear intent is that this is more directed to some of the newer categories or some of the other categories to drive growth there. So it's principally orientated around growth of the other categories. That's the headline answer there. Then in terms of the North American sparkling pricing, as you say, that's -- as we called out, that's principally timing, and it's really related to the different channels. The price, the average -- obviously, we have a large fountain operation, which we run directly in North America. And so the timing of gallon shipments, whether they go to the bottlers or through the fountain business, can move the average price/mix by North America. And it's the timing around those gallons that has created that unusually lower 1%, and that's the majority of the difference between what we would expect to happen on sparkling pricing and what actually you see in the first quarter North America. And that should correct itself.

Answer_8:

          Yes. Look, I don't think I would say this is a kind of a night-and-day change for us. Look, we've been on the journey for us to expand our portfolio. I think this is about making the commitment to press further and faster and make -- kind of make the full kind of psychological journey, too. This is about a full set of categories and responding to the consumer, not a central portfolio with some periphery. We're making good progress with Coca-Cola European Partners. Obviously, we did a lot of planning last year at the setup of the new bottler and its integration and the plans for the marketplace. I think you've seen a number of actions, whether it's the rolling out of smartwater, the launch of Honest Tea, where we've taken some proactive steps with them in different categories. But also, I would underline we've been very proactive with European Partners on Coke, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, which drove a lot of growth in GB in this quarter. So we've got a great new bottler that's been stood up. We're broadening the portfolio. We're taking action across more categories, and I think that's part of the future. Now would I say that's the one place to look at? No. I think if you look at the U.S. or Japan, to take 2 other examples, you'll see a broader portfolio. And that's continuing to invest and expand across categories and even within categories, resegmenting each category for multiple different reasons to drive value growth for ourselves, the bottlers and collectively as a system.

Answer_9:

          I'll go in reverse order. I mean, the incentive structure is balanced between the top line and the bottom line today. Having said that, we're going to take this year to have a fundamental relook at our total compensation approach. That may result in no changes whatsoever. We may end up going, "There's no perfect solution, and the one we've got is the right one," or we may make some tweaks. That is yet to be determined. But it is worth noting, the incentives are half top line effectively and half bottom line. In terms of the tangible benefits, I mean, we're obviously not going to provide guidance for '18 and '19 and beyond at this stage. Having said that, we've been pretty clear that we want to be in our long-term growth model in terms of the top line and have some leverage within that. So to the extent that we've guided for 3% this year, we would be disappointed if the opportunities in the marketplace and the macros offered us opportunity to get back into our range, and we did not achieve it.

Answer_10:

          Sure. We've been steadily learning and getting better at the zero-based work over the last number of years. I think we can get -- getting better at doing less one-off events then don't necessarily always think we're getting much better at making it part of our discipline of going, how do we use the resources available for the best means possible to get the results we're after? So I think that's been a steady organizational learning process that's been going on. The latest changes are just another iteration. The $800 million is another iteration of that. Every year, we look at it. The back end of last year, we looked at the strategy evolutions coming up, imagining the post-refranchise world, the impacts of technology. And we just considered what we could do and how we could do things differently, and that's reflected in the strategy. And as part of the strategy, it's reflected in the organizational changes we are making and the increased productivity savings. We will continue to run the zero-based work process and be clear that the efficient use of resources is one of the ways to drive the top line and to enable long-term value creation.

Answer_11:

          Well, on M&A, I mean, we have a track record of doing bolt-on acquisitions over the years. I think there should be a reasonable expectation that they will continue at some sort of similar rate. Larger opportunities, I think about are they logical. They have to be strategic, they have to be financially viable and they have to be available. As and when things are -- meet those 3 criteria, we will look harder at them. And that's as much as I can say at this stage. In terms of retailers in the U.S., look, I think they are looking -- they have their own -- each one has their own strategies, their own positions slightly differently. So I don't think one can look at them in an aggregate and say they're always trying to do the same thing. I think pricing rationalization is certainly our strategy. We are engaged with customers in how it fits their strategies, each one individually. And largely, I would say that we're finding how to create value together. Are there risks that for competitive reasons by customers or competitive reasons by our competitors, something happens in some quarters to knock that off course? Yes. But that risk is -- has existed and still exists, but we're clear on where we're trying to get to.

Answer_12:

          Sure. I think look, in -- we talked at CAGNY, we have about a 50% share of the sparkling category. And of all the other categories, we're somewhere between a 10% and 15% share on a global basis. But even that's a very average number. You can go to some parts of the world, and we are clear market leaders at the same sort of share levels that we have in sparkling in other parts of the world we're operating. So there's not a short answer, except to say that we have -- we are going through and have gone through and always updating the process of looking at where are the next stages of growth, both bottom-up, each country going, "Look, I think I need to grow out this category or that category"; and top-down, both a global view and a category view, saying, "Look, if we want to progress, actually, we think we need to push out smartwater into more countries or tea, for example, Honest Tea into more countries." And that's the intersection of the global growth perspective and the country perspective. And then evolution of profitability in juice, probably depends whether we build the business through bolt-on acquisitions or whether we did it from scratch. Either way, the evolution is, as you'd expect, as we build a good, either leadership position or a close #2, we tend to come into much, much more attractive profitability status, which is why, if we have small positions in categories, we've either got to get up, have a clear path to leadership or a strong #2 or not overinvest because being subscale is not our path to profitability.

