Question_1:

          I guess my question is related to the flexibility to spend more. I guess as we're kind of watching the year evolve and watching the performance, it seems like you're having good traction with a lot of the revenue initiatives, packaging, product. So James, could you just talk to us about maybe sort of the flexibility you have within your plans to maybe increase some of the marketing investment or some of that investment to drive revenue growth given that it seems like you've got pretty good response to kind of what you're doing now?

Question_2:

          So I guess my one question is just around your organic revenue growth guidance for the full year and just kind of how you're thinking about the puts and takes around it in the back half. So obviously, you're doing 3% year-to-date. The full year guidance implies the continuation of the similar growth rate. I think a lot of your peers are actually guiding to acceleration in the back half, and there may be some unique timing situation for you guys, but just kind of the puts and takes as you think about the back half from an organic sales growth perspective.

Question_3:

          James, one of the things we've heard with regards to U.S. refranchising is that as they've taken it over, the territories, they're actually performing maybe better than Coke was when they were doing it. And you've seen an acceleration in some markets. They've been a little more aggressive. So I guess this is really one question. Is that the case? Why is that happening? And do you expect that to be kind of a tailwind for the business in the U.S. over the foreseeable future?

Question_4:

          Wanted to talk a little bit more about the margin expansion that we saw, so 375 basis points on a non-GAAP basis. Can you quantify the disaggregation that you lay out in words? So quantify how much comes from bottling divestitures, how much from expense management, how much from timing of expenses, which I assume that means it's coming back at some point. So really want to disaggregate that and quantify that and then think about how we should think about the sustainability of each of those going forward to really kind of draw the path on gross -- on, sorry, operating margin expansion going forward.

Question_5:

          I was just hoping to get an update on your Gold Peak and Dunkin' Donuts ready-to-drink coffees and whether you think there's an opportunity to expand these brands globally at some point. And then curious to hear how you're managing the launch of these in light of Monster Caffe in terms of, I guess, positioning. And then what gives you the confidence that the 3 new coffee brands will all be incremental?

Question_6:

          James, I wanted to build on the test-and-learn comments that you made up front and the quest for speed and agility. There's some great examples that you've highlighted today in terms of the portfolio progress, especially in Europe with smartwater and Innocent and Zero Sugar and Honest. But what I'm trying to understand is, can you talk more about the specific -- any specific steps or tools or incentives that you're putting in place to facilitate that speed and agility? Because in the end, I'm just trying to get a better feel for what that looks like in terms of day-to-day changes and how you push for speed and, at the same time, efficiently manage risk and portfolio complexity as you accelerate into new SKUs and additional category-country combinations.

Question_7:

          We have seen continued weakness in sports drinks in the U.S. in the scanner data. And you highlighted also that water, enhanced water and sports drinks were down mid-single digits in the second Q. So could you maybe comment on what you are seeing in the category? And would you expect the trends to improve in the back half of the year?

Question_8:

          I think you will have surprised many with your 5% organic growth in the U.S., especially after the soft quarter for your major competitor and filled potentially with some disruption from transferring to a bottler. So how should we think about the price/mix going forward? Is 4%, I mean, the new norm in the U.S. and, by extension, in developed countries? And if you can give some colors about what's coming from price, what's coming from mix, that will be helpful.

Question_9:

          I was hoping you could talk a little bit about Japan. It wasn't called out much in the release. And just Asia, at least for me, was a bit softer than I had modeled. So could you just tell us anything about what's doing in Japan, overall trends across the bigger categories?

Question_10:

          So James, question on the company's ability and then timing around accelerating top line growth for the company. So to your new team's credit, there's been a universally positive response from the investment community around the changes that you've implemented. But organic sales is now trending around 3%, and you're gaining market share, which is great, but the implication is that the NARTD category is broadly growing sub-3%. So the question is, how quickly can you deliver on that trajectory of about 4%, which is where I think you sort of pegged overall NARTD growth, at least something reasonable longer term? How much can you drive with strategic changes and share gains? How much of this is maybe just cycling Brazil, which is a big market for the company? How much do you need an overall improvement in the macro to sort of take this growth rate from 3% to 4%? And over what time period do you think is sort of reasonable for investors?

Question_11:

          From the outside, it seems bottler alignment is better than it's been in many times in the past. Just curious how dependent that is on you guys delivering better products to the market, whether that's organic, lift-and-shift, M&A or delivering better marketing, investing more in the market. And then how long do you think the grace period is for you guys to deliver something better than the bottlers before that alignment begins to break down?

Question_12:

          So I just wanted to talk about Coke Zero, no sugar. How sustainable do you think the growth is of that brand in Europe? And I'd love to hear more about your motivation to bring this to the U.S. Is this really designed to sort of combat sugar taxes that we're seeing in a few of the markets? And are you -- how big do you think it can be? Are you going to phase out sort of Coke Zero over time? And is it meant to really target sort of the Coke Zero customer, the Coke Classic customer or more of a Diet Coke customer?

Question_13:

          In order to realize the new strategic priorities, can you expand on the actual behaviors that are necessary for the next generation of leadership to succeed and how these might be different from the past? How do you provoke these behaviors, especially speed?

Question_14:

          Look, when I think of refranchising being completed by the end of the year in the U.S., you're going to end up with a very, very segmented bottling system, which is the opposite of what you have in other parts of the world and [that you're asking for] consolidation. So why does it make sense? Isn't that a problem? Or should we assume that 5 years from now, that system would look a lot more consolidated? And related to that, the fountain business remains in the hands of Coke, seeing it's about 35% of volumes. Does it make sense for you to -- over time to gradually convert the fountain business into RTDs or that's just impossible to do?

