Question_1:

          So my question was really around North American pricing long term. Obviously, there's been a lot of concern in general over the pricing environment in the U.S., not just in beverages but across the CPG industry, with brick-and-mortar retailer struggles and theoretically pushback as they look for lower pricing to differentiate themselves or just the margin grab versus CPG suppliers. So I was hoping, in that context, you could give us a review on if Coke's increased focus on pricing in the U.S. over the last few years, is that pressured at all longer term by these retailer dynamics? How do you manage through that? What are you hearing from your customers? And also, just given the new leadership in North America as well as the bottler refranchisement, how does that play into that pricing focus longer term? And how do those changes impact that?

Question_2:

          James, what might be some of the green shoots of performance lift that you're seeing in the North American territories that were first refranchised?

Question_3:

          James, a quick question on Coke Zero Sugar. When you think about the launch in the markets that you have and also the early data points from the U.S., how much interaction is there with Coke Classic? And if you could just give us some context on kind of overlapping cannibalization rates.

Question_4:

          Wanted to get an update on the progress from a productivity perspective, so the $3.8 billion that you'd mentioned last time. Where are we on reinvestment phase versus dropping to the bottom line phase? And essentially, coming to brass tacks, how much in billions of dollars should we expect to drop to the bottom line? And then if you want to be generous and answer a second question, a lower-priority question, but can you talk about the Topo Chico brand positioning versus a LaCroix, for example, in the marketplace? Please choose the first one if you're going to choose one.

Question_5:

          My question is about e-commerce. I mean, your competitor in the last earnings laid down the size of the opportunity for -- of e-commerce and the way they were investing ahead of the curve in people and big data, saying that they had a larger market share in e-commerce than elsewhere. Could you please tell us, I mean, how you are doing as to that channel, your objectives and how you plan to get there?

Question_6:

          I have a question about Latin America. And James, if you could just maybe give us a little bit of an update on -- it's been a drag to organic sales growth in unit case volume or I guess you'd say it's been a drag on unit case volume. A lot of that is Brazil, Venezuela, I guess, the Central America business unit as well.
Can you kind of give us a description of, a, how far away from -- are we from maybe the environment bottoming; second, maybe just some of the actions that Coke has taken to sort of adjust to the environment? Just trying to get a sense of how far away we are from being at a -- maybe a clean base where you can start to grow again.

Question_7:

          James, can you give us your perspective around your performance in some of the non-sparkling category clusters? If you look at the quarter, I think the growth actually softened across all of your segments there. Why do you think we aren't really seeing stronger growth, setting aside what you're doing in China? And then I think you talked about maybe increasing investment behind some of your bigger brands. So -- and then maybe you can elaborate on your strategy in the investment, whether that will be funded by shifting investment from sparkling to these brands or the total portfolio you're really looking to further increase investments.

Question_8:

          Just wanted to ask a bit about, in North America, to stick with the conversation around price/mix, so it just jumped out at me that sparkling price/mix is up 3%, but total for North America was 2%. So what was the drag there? Was it price? Was it mix? Was it category performance? And then in particular, if the answer, since I get one question, is that it was something in water and particularly with smartwater, are there plans in place for reaccelerating that business?

Question_9:

          So James, just sticking with the topic of North America, but my question relates to your expectations with respect to competitive activity. And I guess I ask you in the context that your key competitor had probably one of the most difficult quarters they've had in a long time in North America beverages, and they've discussed ramping investment in key categories to address some of these market share losses, which will include carbonated soft drinks and sports drinks.
So can you talk about -- you've talked a lot about your strategy, which has been helpful. Can you talk about your expectations with respect to competitive -- the competitive environment in the near to intermediate term and your ability to flex up spending to respond, if necessary, within your guidance?

Question_10:

          James, if you can expand on the comment about better execution of the refranchised bottlers in North America. And how -- so how was the performance gap of the refranchised territories against BIG in terms of volumes and pricing and as it relates to better execution at the trade? Or would you say the [flat 50] volumes, I guess, negative before has been mostly driven by innovation by Coke Zero Sugar, smaller packs? So basically, I wanted to ask you if the 3% is coming -- performance that you had is coming from better execution or just better mix.

Question_11:

          Question on reinvestment. And when the company started the program of savings and reinvestment, emerging markets returning negative or, in some cases, were already negative, they probably didn't get as much investment as they otherwise would have. As we're seeing some signs of emerging markets improving, is it safe to assume that we'll see investments accelerate there? And then can you just expand on what you've learned from the activity you've undertaken in developed markets and then, finally, where those funds, if my assumption that increased investment is coming, will come from?

Question_12:

          My one question, James, is refranchising related and how much runway you think you face for sustained improvement in price/mix in Western Europe where you're a little more into the exercise of refranchising and also China and Africa where refranchising has begun or will soon begin. Simply, the price/mix opportunity in front of you in those markets.

Question_13:

          James, can you just talk a little bit more about Mexico? I think you alluded both to the weather, and then you did a little bit of a slowdown in the category. Any way to quantify what the hurricanes or anything had impact on the quarter and then if there's any lingering impact? And then -- and just kind of touching on the slowdown you said for the quarter.

Question_14:

          James, talking about the leadership change in CCR, can you talk about what Jim Dinkins' key priorities would be? And then as this leadership transition happens here, do you see that as an opportunity to maybe reorient the organization to develop new muscles as you transition the portfolio?

Question_15:

          Great. James, in the beginning, you talked about increasing desire of consumers for variety that'll help drive innovation and many new brands, new competitors. I think that's mostly a comment about the U.S., but I'm wondering if you could take that comment and those trends and talk about how that is playing out in the rest of the world and whether that is something that, if you've seen it sort of first in the U.S., you can kind of get ahead of it and take advantage of perhaps learnings in the U.S. to perhaps capture more of those opportunities in other countries.

Question_16:

          Oh, yes. Can you hear me?

Question_17:

          Okay, sorry. I'll try again. Yes. So just related to CCBA, you're saying that you're now expecting completion in 2018. I'm pretty sure that this time last year, you were expecting it in the second half of 2017. I'm just wondering what on earth is taking so long, mindful that, for example, Coke Icecek dropped out of that process, I think, as long ago as March. Are we left concluding that the business that is up for sale is not in a state where anybody wants to buy it?

