Answer_1:

    Obviously, this year -- 2013 will be peak capital investment in Canada, about $1.5 billion. Next year, going forward, CapEx -- for the US, we'd expect something similar, perhaps growing a little bit, to $2.5 billion, something in that range; Canada dropping to somewhere -- still opening a fair number of stores -- $0.5 billion, perhaps a bit more than that.  So we would expect free cash flow to expand, especially in light of Canada operations becoming accretive. As far as what we would intend to do with that, we said first, by 2017, assuming we get to $8.00 a share, we'd expect the dividend to be at $3.00 a share or more.  So we'd expect to continue to increase the dividend at a rate approximately 20% on a compound basis over the next several years. And with the constraint of living within our current strong investment grade credit ratings, we'd expect to deploy the remainder of our excess cash flow as share repurchase. 

Answer_2:

    Yes. I think that's right, Mark. When we look back on where we're at right now with Canada, we feel really good about where we're at and our projections for returns in Canada. If we look back a year ago, or even two years ago when we signed the deal, the projected EBITDA for this quarter -- for this year, excuse me, is essentially right on where we thought it would be. The dilution is a bit higher even than we expected, perhaps a year ago; and all of that is attributable to independent capital investment decisions we've made, whether that's investing in three distribution centers to build them and own them ourselves, or the 40 store expansions that I mentioned that we worked through over the past year. So most of the increase, from our vantage point, is attributable to incremental depreciation and amortization. And of course, those capital investments were separate economic decisions and we expect to see economic benefit to that P&L through time.  But the sequencing is that the depreciation and amortization shows up first. 

Answer_3:

    Yes. The property development team did an outstanding job working with some very good partners, our landlords in Canada.  And the vast majority of the percent rent clauses, which of course never impacted Zellers, have been negotiated away. Percent rent is not a meaningful issue for us going forward. 

Answer_4:

    I think what I would say, Greg, is right now as we look at the retail business and model that, we've always modeled that independently of the Credit business, given the different leverage characteristics, as you noted. We think the Retail business right now is probably pretty close to the top end. There may be a little bit of room.  But we think it's near about where the leverage which will support our current credit rating is at. 

Answer_5:

    Correct. For 2013, that's correct. 

Answer_6:

    Sure. The increase in REDcard sales is a mix of both, Greg. Certainly, the new accounts are creating a significant amount of that lift, with the amount of accounts.  And you can see the increased penetration resulting from new accounts. But we have also seen an increase in lift, particularly over the first several quarters that the REDcard was out, in existing accounts. 
The other thing I would mention, the big driver here of the increase in sales, as has been the case, the big driver in increase in the whole program, has been the debit card. And I think from our assumptions, perhaps two or three years ago when we were talking to you to you to now, the debit card is the one that has really surprised us. The credit card has probably grown pretty much with what we thought.  But the debit card -- we're doing three accounts to one debit to credit now.  And that has been the one -- the product that has been incredibly attractive to consumers who just don't want another credit card.  And that's really what has driven the significant increase in our REDcard sales. 


    The other thing that I would add, Greg, is all of our guest segments love the REDcard somewhat equally, whether you are a VIP, which we would say somebody that visits us a lot and spends a lot, all  the way through our enthusiast convenience users least engaged.  All of those segments, once they get the REDcard, move toward visiting Target more often and spending more.  So this is not just isolated in one group of demographics. It's very well dispersed and balanced.  And we think that's a very positive attribute that, that many guest segments love the REDcard. 

Answer_7:

    The actual assumption for the US business was about a 3% comp through time.  And some years will be a little bit above that, some years a little bit below that.  But we think 3% comp is about the right level for our business. If you look back at our business over a really, really long period of time, back when we were running 5% comps, a couple hundred basis points of that were coming from new stores as they annualized,  and we would ran about a 3% comp in our base business.  And over the last couple of years, since 2010 -- last year a little bit lower, 2011 right on.  We feel like that's the right neighborhood for where we can run the business. 

Answer_8:

    Well, typically in the US, we open stores in three cycles. Due to the number of stores we have in Canada, we're taking an approach that we're going to open five cycles this year.  So think April, May, and every couple of months beyond that, we're going to open somewhere between 20 and 28 stores a cycle. We haven't defined all of that yet.  But we're going to start in the greater Toronto area.  Then we're going to move to Western Canada.  Then we'll densify.  Then we'll  go East, and then we'll densify again.  So we've got a good plan that is centered around our supply chain investments and the readiness of our distribute centers, and we just think it makes sense to spread out those kinds of openings over more cycles than we typically would do in the US. 


    Your other question was -- 

Answer_9:

    No. We're not holding back at all. We're not capital constrained, and we're pursuing every project that we can find that's going to generate the right kind of returns.  So I would tell you that the real estate -- commercial real estate market is pretty much status quo and hasn't changed all that much over the last couple of years. There are pockets of opportunities, and we're anxious to either co-develop or develop on our own or be a partner in any development where we believe that it's the right demographics and we can generate the right kind of returns.  So we're not holding back at all, it's just the environment is still a little cautious and a lot slower than we'd like it to be.  And hopefully, things will change over the next couple of years. 


    Thank you. 

Answer_10:

    The revenue number, I would tell you, continues to move around even here, for the reasons Gregg just outlined. We continue to -- the store opening schedules continue to move around.  We've only really set in place in concrete the first two. The rest of them, still moving around a little bit.  So we're hesitant to provide pretty specific guidance. But what I would tell you is, the expectation is that these stores will open and grow and have a very similar annualization process to what we see in the US. So I think that's probably the most important assumption, and then the revenue will move around based on what stores we get open when. 

Answer_11:

    I think you hit on it. It'll be a little bit longer. We're not talking about five years or anything like that.  But 2.5, three years, something like that, our current modeling would say, we'll get it back in, something like that.  So a bit more than two years. 

Answer_12:

    Bob, I would say that we actually think we performed quite well on Black Friday. We saw the barbell intensify, as Gregg mentioned, between those early sales in Black Friday and then the lull and then coming back strong at the end of the holiday.  For us, it was more about pretty weak seasonal businesses.  The weather, as you know, was warm.  And our seasonal businesses, which normally kick in, in early November, didn't.  And then, with all of the, we think, economic turmoil and the elections and fiscal cliff and all of that, that it created that lull in between Black Friday and Christmas.  So we've talked about planning conservatively for this past year, and we will again for next year, for the fourth quarter.  And we think that the opportunity to pick up sales are really the other three quarters.  And in particular, the second and third quarter this year.  
We continue to manage our business.  Our goal is to maintain or grow gross margins within categories.  As you know, it was a very competitive year this year.  And what we dropped was mainly reflecting the ongoing impact of 5% Rewards and PFresh, combined with a little higher clearance in some of our seasonal categories.  But all in all, I think the team did a great job of managing our inventory.  We did come out very clean.  Our inventory headed into the first quarter was exactly where it was last year, on a per store basis.  So we feel great about that.  


    The other thing I would add is, you have to take a look at the mix of our business, too.  And there was industry softness in Electronics and Toys, which are really important to us.  There was not any must-have, really super-hot new products that really drove consumers into the stores.  And as others have reported, the Toy business was a little softer than expected.  And same was true in Electronics, as we were post-peak in terms of the digital cycles and video game business, in particular, were softer.  And that's a huge business for us.  
So just the cyclical nature of some of these businesses, in addition to what Kathee said, cause comps to be a little bit softer than we expected.  But we are not bashful about being hyper-competitve, and we want to be really super competitive every year as we head into the holiday season.  But we also want to have a balanced approach in making sure that it's not all about market share. We want to gain market share, but do so profitably, and trying to find that right mix.  And that's the approach we'll continue to take. Okay? 


    Thanks, Bob. We have time for one more question. 

Answer_13:

    We're competitive day in and day out.  We have always maintained the position that we're going to be competitive in the marketplace.  And so it's a position that we've taken.  And as we continue to learn more and as more business migrates to the online channels, we're going to continue to sharpen up our online prices in that channel, as well, and be competitive with those competitors that are most meaningful in that channel.  So there will be some sharpening up there; but I would tell you, we offer fantastic value, day in and day out. Our pricing strategy has not changed.  And as we look across the competitive landscape, we're very, very well-positioned. 

Answer_14:

    Sure. The biggest impact is the impact of share repurchase, as that levers against growing profits, is the short story on that, Dan.  And we're happy to spend a little bit more time with you, if you'd like, discussing that.  But that's the short story. 


    Okay.  Well, thank you very much. That concludes Target's fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Thank you all for your participation. 

