Question_1:

    Could you give us a little outlook on what free cash flow is going to look like once Canada is over, on the $1.5 billion of spend, and where do you expect to deploy that? Is it going to be tilted more towards share repurchase, or how do you look at that? 

Question_2:

    Okay. Can you give us a little more color on the Canada dilution of $0.45? I think that's bigger than a lot of people were expecting, and it sounds like a lot of it's related to the capital spending decisions. If you could walk us through that a little bit? 

Question_3:

    Okay. And also, talk about the percent rent clauses in Canada.  I know you got out of some of those. 

Question_4:

    I have a couple questions.   First, John, on the leverage.  Once Credit's gone, we get your debt to EBITDA around 1.7, 1.8. Could you put some context into how high you think that can or should go, given everything in terms of being great credit rating, as you take the dividend out? Should we model 2 as a cap, or how should we think of that? 

Question_5:

    Got it. So the incremental buy back is really the equity from the Credit business? Plus -- 

Question_6:

    And then secondly, maybe a bigger question for Kathee or Gregg, the REDcard growth compared to, say, three years ago has, I think, beaten all of our expectations, certainly mine. It looks like last year it was up over 50%. Could you help us understand a little bit more about that 50% growth in REDcard sales?  How much of it is from new REDcard members?  How much of it is existing members spending more? Anything you can provide there would be helpful. 

Question_7:

    Maybe just first, John, a clarification question on the $8.00 in EPS for 2017.  I think before that was predicated on a 2% or more US annual US store growth. Do you still think that, that's the appropriate number to get to that $7.20 from the US business? 

Question_8:

    Okay. And also on the guidance for this year and thinking about the modeling, sounds like you're opening up a few more waves in Canada than your normal store opening cadence. Just from a modeling perspective, how should we think about some of those store openings this year?  And then as a follow-up to the US, how does the real estate development market feel to you guys out there? 

Question_9:

    How does the US real estate development market feel in the US? Does it feel like it's loosening up a little bit, maybe a few more opportunities, or still you guys are holding back a little bit at this point and looking to be a little bit more prudent in the growth? 

Question_10:

    First question, John, can you give us a sense of what the revenue assumption is that's based into that $0.45 Canada dilution number for this year? 

Question_11:

    Okay. Sure. That's fair enough. 
And then, I think in the past you guys have said that you'd expect to recapture the Canadian losses that you accrue within two years of turning profitable. So if you sum up the last three years -- well, the last two years plus this year -- it's a little over $1, maybe $1.10. Do you still expect to get that back in earnings from Canada in '14 and '15, or is the D&A going to make that a longer process? 

Question_12:

    Just have a question on the fourth quarter in general. Over the past few years, you guys have really made a nice trade-off between profitability and comps. And this year, it seemed to break down a little bit more than usual, where you've made a decision not to be a Black Friday door buster competitor, but the gross margins were down 60 basis points or so. Can you talk a little bit about what you learned from the traffic being down and gross margins being down, and how you might attack it differently in the fourth quarter this year? 

Question_13:

    On a similar topic of competition, you obviously introduced the Price Match guarantee. It's a step in the right direction.  But given that, that's such a very low portion of the total transactions,  do you think you need to do more on just everyday price and staying more competitive than perhaps you even are today? 

Question_14:

    Okay. Just one more, if I could.  Can you just walk us through the path to $0.10 dilution getting to neutral over a few years, what causes that to happen on the Credit Card sale? 

