Answer_1:

    I think on the sequentially, yes it improved month to month within the quarter. None of the quarters were negative, which compared to first quarter was significant progress. July was notably the strongest, but a portion of that certainly was attributable to that back-to-school week moving in from August last year.  So we did see it strengthening, but I wouldn't want to overplay that, certainly a portion of it is attributable to the calendar. Geography wise, we have not seen anything meaningfully different in aggregate across the quarter. In any one week or day there's differences, depending on when back-to-school starts in various portions of the country, but nothing meaningful across the country. 

Answer_2:

    Well I would say, this is Gregg, in the US, we continue to offer hot pricing. There isn't going to be a meaningful change in our strategy, because day in and day out we have unbeatable prices when you take a look at our -- the fact that our prices are competitive, the price match policy both online and in store, and our REDcards performance day in and day out. We have a very strong value proposition. And then our circular pricing is even more aggressive than that, and we take market leading positions. 
In Canada, we know that we have an opportunity to break those shopping habits and we've got to focus on driving need-based trips.  So, there in particular we will sharpen up our pricing, and make sure that we are taking a more of a market leader position. Our REDcard penetration is still very, very small there, and we expect that to grow over time.  But it's more in Canada that we're going to make sure that our prices get more noticed than they have been up to this point. 
Part of that was a conscience plan on our part to make sure that we really won in Home and Apparel, and we feel real good about where we are in those two businesses today, so we're proud of that fact.  Now we have to just turn on the gas a little bit on the other side of the equation to make sure that we're getting the Canadian guests to understand what great values we offer on frequency categories and break some of those well-established habits. 

Answer_3:

    So, I'm not entirely clear where you're going. Is it that why are we confident about the $0.80, or what will we see happen here as we go forward, Sean? 

Answer_4:

    So on 2014, I think it's very early here, and we've given you our best view.  I think when you step back we've been operating 60 some stores for on average about 2.5 months, and so we're giving you our best information here for 2013.  And clearly sales are a little bit short of where we need to work through some of the inventory and optimizing the business and optimizing our expense structure. 
I think as we look forward getting another 56 stores open, getting through a holiday will certainly provide a lot more information about where we expect to be.  But in 2014, I think we expect to see meaningful improvement in the profitability of Canada. We'll cycle past all of the start up expenses, we'll have our inventories more in line with sales patterns that we now have some information on. Our expense structure will be optimized to the sales level and we'll start to grow sales.  So I think we'll see meaningful improvement in 2014, but I would say probably from this perspective today, unlikely that we'll see profitability on the full year.  And we'll be back to provide a little bit more information on what that looks like, and the cadence throughout the quarters, again, as we get a little bit more information this year, get the stores open, get new markets and get through a holiday season most importantly. 

Answer_5:

    Yes, I think parsing that all out is difficult. I would say that the second one, incremental marketing and advertising is not material to the total move from where we were to where we are today. I think the biggest driver of the change in profitability or dilution this year comes from, we had a set of sales expectations as we entered in the market, and we also, given all of the excitement that we saw building over two years, we protected on the upside from an expense standpoint and from an inventory standpoint, and the sales have been somewhat disappointing.  And so we need to work through those inventories. There's some clearance activity, there was some excess inventory this quarter, as well, that we work through. And we need to right size the entire expense structure for what -- for the sales numbers that are currently -- that we're operating at.  So, I think that's the vast majority of it. 
I don't think we see, I know we don't see going forward a change in the overall our view of what the margin rates were going to be, EBITDA or EBIT rates were going to be in Canada over the long term. We feel very good about gross margin, and frankly, we expect gross margin will deteriorate a little bit as we begin to drive these frequency categories. You don't see that in this quarters' results, because there was a fair bit of clearance and excess inventory that we moved through, but we expect margin rates will come down as we grow sales in those frequency categories. But net, net that'll be good for the business and start to apply leverage against the fixed expenses that we've built for the Business. 

Answer_6:

    You're right, Greg. Traffic was our issue, and I do think that somewhat that is the way it is right now. We're seeing a lot of trip consolidation across all guests. I think the part that I'm pleased about is that when you look at our basket, we are seeing that they're buying more units from Target, as well as increased selling price, and they are trading up into higher price point product, so that's great. I think as we move forward the thing that we're focused on and driving traffic is really making sure that as they're consolidating and they're doing more in one store, that we're offering that compelling value. And Gregg talked a lot about all of those components, but that we make sure that that continues to be rock solid.  As well as the innovative product, and I mentioned a lot of those that we have coming like Phillip and Haggar and in our seasonal categories we've got a lot of new stuff coming, so that's key. 
And then, I guess, the third thing that I would add is just making sure that our in-store experience remains outstanding. Because we want them to be pleased when they come, and continue to consolidate their trip and to do more at Target.  So we have great service every day, but in addition to that, some of the new things that we're doing with flexible fulfillment, like buy online, pick up in store, I think will be fantastic in the back half.  And then we're also looking at really upping the in-store experience in key categories like Beauty and the test that I described in Baby.  So it's a combination of those three things.  

Answer_7:

    The inventory overhang is a function of the shortfall primarily in some of the seasonal categories.  So, think of -- even though Apparel and Home was strong, the variability by store, and the fact that some of our seasonal categories, like Lawn and Patio didn't perform at the level that we were expecting.  So, it was not in the basic categories or the non-discretionaries, primarily in a subset of the discretionary categories.  But it's one of those things where it's more obvious, because it's such a large number of stores. 
But it's the same kind of fine tuning that we go through every time we open a new store here in the United States, and they have experienced for years and years. There is always a tremendous amount of fine tuning and getting the right match of sales volatility, variability, assortment, and aligning that with inventory. What we're seeing in Canada is there's such a big critical mass that it stands out, and it's far more obvious. But it's no different than what we've experienced here. 

Answer_8:

    Yes, I think that we're seeing larger basket in many different areas they're shopping, as I said doing more in one store so shopping around the store.  In terms of the selling price, we're seeing strength in trading up to higher price points in back-to-school. We're seeing strength, for example, in home with threshold, where they're buying that better product versus opening price point product.  And then we're also seeing some softer sales in our one spot at the front of the store, which is very seasonal and impulsive product, so that combination I think is driving that selling price. 

Answer_9:

    Well we don't have a number that we can share on that. We have, as you know, been testing it with team members, and I think the key for us is just the convenience for guests to be able to buy it online. But then they want to pick it up in store. Sometimes they don't want it delivered and sitting on their doorstep, but oftentimes they want to be able to get other things in the store either that go along with that core item or just the rest of their list.  So, we think it will be very interesting to our guests. It certainly has been with our team members, but we haven't quantified the sales number yet. 


    Yes, I would just say this is -- we're in a learning environment right now. We'll be able to give you a lot more specifics after we get through the holiday season.  And for us to try and quantify at this stage would be, it would be a shot in the dark.  So we really don't want to speculate how our guests are going to use that and -- but we'll be back to you at the end of the holiday and we'll give you a lot more color around the adoption, the acceptance rates by our guest. 

Answer_10:

    There is not really a meaningful difference in terms of the rate of spend first half, second half. We didn't overspend or under spend in the first half to shift dollars to the second half. We've always felt that the allocation of resources by quarter, by half has been pretty appropriate, and our spend is going to be similar in those kinds of percentages. What we have seen is, we've ramped up our spend in the digital channel. It's a less expensive channel that gives us different guests and broader reach, and we become far more efficient in the use of our marketing dollars.  So, I think we're getting the same or more bang for our buck for essentially the same investments that we've made in the past. 

Answer_11:

    Yes, we're excited to have Metro as partner to run our pharmacies in the Quebecian Province in the eastern part of Canada. We think they are a great partner. They run a terrific business, and we're thrilled to have them as our partner. 

Answer_12:

    We're doing a lot with both e-mail and text.  But I would tell you, Deb that we're in the beginning of that journey. We think there's a lot more that we can do, but we're doing things with personalization in terms of seasonal and timing, but also product categories that resonate with our guests and we're seeing great results. We've upped particularly e-mail a lot this year, and it's really paying off. And so we're on a journey, and we think that there's a lot of head room there, and we will go after that in a big way. 

Answer_13:

    I don't think that we'll be adding a lot of planogram versions. I think we're still tweaking what's on those planograms. But we've -- we understand that, and we've got many different versions throughout Canada for all of their differences across geography and their guests.  But I think what Gregg was talking about was, number one, getting the buy right by store in all of those categories, and then some of the seasonal categories were softer.  So making sure that we get that buy right going forward, that has less to do with the planogram itself.  And then in addition to that, as we're driving more trips with our frequency categories, that's the side that's been weaker, we think that traffic will also help sales throughout the store, because the guests clearly likes our differentiated merchandise on the Apparel and Home side.  So it's a combination, but it's more about the buy than it is about planograms. 


    The other thing I'd add, Jason, if you step back to where we were three months ago the gross margin rate was a little bit above 38%.  And the two things we said at that time, I think, are still appropriate. One, it's going to be noisy here early by quarter because it's just naturally that way as we're opening up stores.  But two, don't expect us to operate at that high a level. While the mix was very favorable, we hadn't gone through any seasonal clearance.  And so seasonal clearance is going to naturally bring that rate down. 
This quarter a little bit more than we would have expected, but there again I said we're working through some excess inventory given our sales levels.  So we expect through time that the gross margin rate will normalize at a reasonable level that ultimately will allow us to deliver EBITDA margin rates let's say 12% in Canada like we've talked about all along. 

Answer_14:

    I would think of it as this way. In our Business in any point in time there are investments that we have to make to continue to get better at what we do, whether it's a service or supply chain or technology investment or investments in the guest experience. And so this is --  we're calling attention to this.  But these are investments that we're going to make in the business because we want to provide a great experience, which means our expense optimization efforts, as they have in the past, have to more than offset these kinds of investments.  
So, we look at it all-in holistically and we're saying hey we got to get leaner and meaner in certain parts of the organization, and become more efficient, and we demonstrated that last quarter. We were very, very rock solid in our expense and our productivity and that affords us the ability to -- and the capacity to get more aggressive and do some of these kinds of things, and invest in transforming the Business to the future. 

Answer_15:

    Jason, we said at the beginning of the year the investments in multi-channel and everything we were doing would be $0.20 to $0.25 of incremental dilution or incremental expense in our Business.  And we said at that time that through our expense optimization efforts we expected to offset virtually all of that in the year. We do that in a variety of ways. The stores have continuously over a long period of years looked for ways to increase productivity faster than wage rate and faster than sales, so lowering our expense rate.  And we think there's opportunities to continue to apply technology to improve productivity in our stores.  But what Gregg was talking about, our expense optimization efforts are across the entire organization, headquarters, distribution, supply chain. Everywhere we operate, we are looking for ways to take expense out so that we can afford to invest in the Business. 


    Great. Well that concludes Target's second-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Thank you all for your participation. 

