Question_1:

    Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I guess on the same store sales trends for February being down in that 0% to 2% range, probably a little bit better than people expected. I guess just over time, Target's been on an aggressive campaign to drive frequency with REDcard and remodeling more stores towards food, but given that PFresh is maturing here and the credit breach could curb some of the willingness to sign up for REDcards and online taking a bigger portion of the overall retail landscape, how should we think about some of the bigger picture initiatives to drive same-store sales trends in 2014 and beyond?

Question_2:

    On the food aspect of things, how are you on the in stocks in that particular category, and are you happy with the product that you have out there on the shelves today?

Question_3:

    Okay. Great, and then just one last thing you mentioned, the online and the flexible fulfillment. I think that all of those can now be viewed online which is great for the consumer, but is it going to be possible for all of those products for buying online and picking up in store?

Question_4:

    Thanks a lot and good morning. I've got two questions, and the first relates to inventory. I know you cleared a lot of inventory in Canada.
Your year-on-year numbers still across the corporation or across the enterprise is still up quite substantially relative to sales. If you could comment on sort of the composition of that inventory and your thought process for its impact on margin going forward?

Question_5:

    That's very helpful. Thank you. And then my follow-up relates to capital allocation and specifically the buyback.
I know that you alluded to the Company's desire to maintain its current credit rating and that you spoke about resuming buybacks as the year progressed presuming that you were on plan. I just want to talk about what your thought process is for contingencies and that based on the numbers we've looked at, it seems like you're a long way from coming close to the edge on your current credit rating.
So what would it take for you not to do that $1 billion to $2 billion? It seems like that should be well within your financial capacity even if frankly the numbers are a bit light of your current guide?

Question_6:

    And just finally, I know you're not going to quantify the cost of the breach, but it sound like in thinking about the capacity to buy back stock, you have a sense somewhere internally a sense of that number that would enable you to pursue that course.

Question_7:

    Hi, thanks. I have a couple questions, just a quick follow-up on the breach costs. You showed a net -- you got some insurance payments from the breach cost that you had?
Is that a -- should we expect that -- or do you have any insurance for these potential costs, whatever they may be, or is that sort of a one off in the quarter? And then I have a follow up.

Question_8:

    Okay. Great. Bigger picture on REDcard and traffic, I mean if traffic was down 5.5% in the quarter, presumably post the breach it was down, pick a number like 7% or 8%. Is it fair to say that traffic has recovered back to what it was in January and February or where we are now, and how is REDcard seasoning, those people who have had it for three or four years, how are those people behaving following the breach? Thanks.

Question_9:

    It's more of the penetration growth from new people signing up or from people that signed up shopping more?

Question_10:

    Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm just wondering if you could provide a little more color on the comp spread that you're seeing between states that have been severely impacted by weather and some of your warmer weather states.

Question_11:

    Okay. Thanks. And then secondly, as you gave some great detail on your investments in digital and eCommerce this year. As you enable click and collect and fulfillment from store, are there any significant investments you need to make in terms of inventory accuracy in the store, and could you just give us maybe a bit of color on how that's running in terms of being able to pick up in store?

Question_12:

    Okay. And then lastly, your SG&A per foot in the US was down pretty substantially in the fourth quarter versus the last few years. How should we think about SG&A per foot on a full-year basis for 2014 in the US? Should it -- is that a number that you can keep relatively flat, or is there just some inherent inflation in there that we should expect?

Question_13:

    Good morning. I just had a couple questions, first on -- did you give a number on the online business in terms of the increase that you had in the fourth quarter?

Question_14:

    Okay. Okay. And then when you look at the full year, you gave a lot of details, in terms of like the sales recovery that you have, what are the key factors that give you the comfort and confidence in the recovery over this year as you plan the earnings and sales trajectory?

Question_15:

    And then on the gross margin outlook for Canada, can you just talk about the mix assumptions in there and sort of the ramp from where you finished fourth quarter to get to that 30% number for the year?

Question_16:

    Thanks and good morning. A couple random questions. So could you perhaps break out how much was the explicit impact of the 10% off deal that you did after the breach and right ahead of Christmas?

Question_17:

    Okay. And then on the cost savings side, I guess how much of the $1 billion is done so far, and what have been the big drivers this year that have taken those costs out?

Question_18:

    And one last one, if you had chip technology in your stores this past year, how would the breach outcomes have changed? Would it have stopped the actual theft of the credit card data, or would it have stopped the personal information disclosure?

Question_19:

    But didn't the breach actually come from systems internally, not necessarily coming from the card readers?

