Question_1:

    Two questions: The first one I want to ask -- it's sort of a governance-related question, so answer it as you can. You talked about some of the Company's initiatives, and in your case strategic direction in areas where you felt perhaps the Company had fallen short. Were any of these areas themes where perhaps Gregg and the Board, or Gregg and the rest of the management team had a difference of opinion such that your focus on them today would be different from what the Firm's focus on it had been under his leadership?

Question_2:

    That's very helpful, thank you. And then my second question -- just a quick one on Canada. If you could try to help us frame the magnitude of inventory sort of left in the pipeline that you need to clear, maybe how much of a factor that was in the gross in Q1 and whether you're cleaned up at this stage?

Question_3:

    Just two questions: I guess first, in terms of the search for a new CEO, is there a reasonable time frame that you think it can be resolved? And then the second question is: On the share repurchase, you gave a lot of detail on it. In terms of the second-half confidence level, do you think that you will have better visibility, and what gives you that visibility around the costs of the breach in that third quarter? I'd like to better understand that situation.

Question_4:

    Hi, thanks. I had a couple questions. John and Kathee, it sounds like growing that digital is a key focus right now, and driving that faster. Could you help us understand where we start from, like, what percentage of your sales, or maybe some of the cross-shopping between REDcard members and how much they shop online, or maybe how those people season after they have had a REDcard a few years. And anything you have on that, I think, would be helpful.

Question_5:

    That's great. If I could follow up on the guidance, it sounds like it's really margin investment in Canada that has taken the guidance down, if I've summarized that right. You left the comp the same in the US. If we get back to that 0% to plus 2%, do you expect traffic to be positive at all, as part of that guidance, or do you think it could still be negative through the year?

Question_6:

    Thanks so much, good morning. I'm just wondering, on the digital transformation that you talked about, is there a target level of investment from both a P&L and a CapEx standpoint?

Question_7:

    Okay, great. And secondly, can you talk to the early cycle stores versus the later cycle stores in Canada -- anything you can share on the difference between the financial metrics and the various cohorts? Thanks.

Question_8:

    Two questions: First, on online and I guess specifically Amazon, it seems to continue to infringe on Target's everyday business, and increasingly the consumable category, so I guess the question is two-fold. Do you feel like that you're making good progress here on slowing the bleed of sales? And then secondly, have you seen any impact from the recent changes in your trends in markets where Amazon is now being forced to collect some sales tax online?

Question_9:

    Understood, that's helpful.
And then, I guess the second question on the logistics side of the Organization, sounds like you're having good success with the ship from store test, and then buy online and pick up in store at 10% of the sales seems to be going relatively well. Can you talk about any of the longer-term P&L benefits from these initiatives, both maybe from a top-line and a margin perspective?

Question_10:

    Thanks for taking the question, guys. A couple of quick things: I guess I was curious as to, Kathee, the change in the organizational structure under you in merchandising, and what really prompted this now versus six months ago or next month or waiting for a formal hire of a CEO in place?

Question_11:

    Got it, thanks, that makes a lot of sense.
If I could follow up with that, was this something that Gregg was reluctant to doing? And did that have anything to do with the timing?

Question_12:

    Got it, thank you. And then, just the one last thing I wanted to ask, and I apologize if I missed it in the discussion today, but as far as the price investments go, are they more in the consumable side, the discretionary side? Where are there areas you think you need to I guess make an investment?

