Answer_1:

          Yes, I think a couple things. Certainly there would likely be some benefits if we continue to see fuel prices come down. But we haven't reached the threshold where fuel surcharges begin to come out of our contracts. 
And I think importantly, given the great work the team has done to manage some of the port issues out west, we're working around that and moving some freight further, expediting some freight, flying some freight, and I think net-net, that will probably be more of a drag than any fuel savings we will see. 

Answer_2:

          Yes, Sean, this is Kathee. It's predominantly a mix story for us. So we have higher ticket items like all the Apple products, including the launch of the iPhone 6 in the quarter. We've got video game consoles that are higher. 
We have a lot of trade-up strategies both in essentials, like you talked about, like in grocery with organics, but also in areas like skin care, which I described a little bit earlier. So this is really a mix story. 

Answer_3:

          Correct, correct. 

Answer_4:

          Hi, Matt. Yes, I think the expense savings, I would tell you we've talked about the expense optimization efforts all year. Been very focused on that and has been across the entire enterprise. And we've seen good news in SG&A and also in cost of goods. 
The couple of areas I would point out, the store's performance has been outstanding, driving productivity increases while still continuing to remain very strong guest service scores. Frankly, our guest service scores historically, so we've seen great performance there. 
And then it's really many other areas. There's been great work done in marketing around the circular, there's been great work done in our transportation and how we optimize our network of transportation. So really across the enterprise. 
I think importantly to your question about going forward, we believe there continues to be significant opportunity for us to continue to take expense out and so for the foreseeable future, we would expect to continue to see expenses very well controlled and to lever expenses at really relatively modest increases in sales. 


          Matt, it's Brian. And to build on John's point and as I discussed in my prepared comments, as we move forward, we recognize that we're going to continue to need to focus on expense management to fuel the investments we're going to make to drive continued growth across our store base and our digital platform. 
So as we come back to you in the spring and we talk more specifically about our strategy, you should expect us to continue to talk about cost optimization efforts and how we'll use those efforts to reinvest in the fuel that's going to drive our growth. 

Answer_5:

          Yes, it's not accretive. I will tell you, we do ship even prior to the holiday free shipping, we do free ship a lot more than perhaps you would think and certainly more than some of our competitors, given REDcard and the fact that ships free all year around. 
So we have seen -- we know it's the number one frustration with our guests and the number one reason for abandoned carts. And so it was important for us this holiday season to be able to take that friction away and we have seen a meaningful move in orders and conversion because of it. So we are very pleased with the results so far. 


          Matt, the only thing I'd add, while not accretive, the other thing I would add is not material either to our results in the fourth quarter. 

Answer_6:

          Oliver, I think as we go forward, and as Kathee and the team really elevate our focus around those signature categories, categories like baby and kids, wellness and style, you should expect to see additional focus in-store. You should see additional innovation, partnerships, but really ensuring that we're leading with trend. We're anticipating what our guest is looking for in those categories, and those are categories that Target becomes famous for. 
And we're certainly going to double down our efforts in those categories because our guest has asked us to. They're categories that are very important to our guests. They're synonymous with the Target experience the guest is expecting. And you'll see signs of that as we move into 2015 and beyond. 
Certainly, some of the work that Kathee and her team have done in preparation for the fourth quarter are already bringing our efforts to light in apparel. Some of the things that we've done in home, the partnerships that Kathee talked about in her prepared comments, our continued focus on baby and kids. And we know how important toys are during the holiday season. So we're already making progress in those spaces. 
But I also want to make sure it's really clear that does not mean we're walking away from other categories in our stores. They just play a different role in our future strategy. And they'll continue to be areas where we're going to look to improve our execution and performance. 
But from a prioritization standpoint, we think those signature categories that we've talked about are key to the guest. The guest has told us those are critically important to them. And Kathee and her team are working rapidly to ensure that we continue to build our position, enhance our assortment, and bring great newness and innovation to those key categories. 


          So couple things that I would add to that that you will already see in stores right now.  Brian talked about those four areas, baby, kids, wellness and style. So in baby, about 200 stores have a new presentation where we've invested in labor in the stores to help guests create registry and gift givers find the perfect gifts. We've added mannequins and things that help the presentation. 
I also shared today that the registry that we have redone completely, the whole experience, from the in-store hardware to the software that we use and how that helps guests create registries much easier, we're already seeing the benefit of that. 
Wellness, we've talked a lot about Made to Matter, better-for-you products, and you see that already this year. And then in style, to touch on that for a minute, we now have about 650 stores that have our new presentation in apparel, including mannequins. So already some progress and we will continue to push forward in those areas and you'll see more and more as the months and year goes on. 


          However, the final point I'd add as we think about style, certainly apparel and home are critically important in that space, but so is beauty. And as John and Kathee have referenced, beauty was one of our standout categories in the third quarter, and we expect continued strong performance as we exit the year. 

Answer_7:

          Oliver I think we're making progress across a number of different areas. Certainly, we talked about omnichannel and really making sure that we are a significant player in this space. And we're seeing very strong performance, up over 30% in the third quarter. John talked about the fact that we expect that performance to accelerate in Q4. 
We clearly took away the pain point of shipping by announcing free ship in the fourth quarter. And we think that's another way for us to declare we are significantly committed to this space. We're seeing a great response to Cartwheel, 11 million users to date. And we're going to use that to make sure that we use digital as the front door to connect to the Target brand going forward. 
We've talked about some of the progress that's being made in merchandising and we've got 35,000 new items in stores for the holiday. And we're going to continue to test and partner as we continue to make sure we're bringing the right solutions to our guests. If you haven't seen some of the holiday creative, I think it's some of the best Target's delivered in years. 
And I'm getting e-mails and comments from guests and friends and people I know every day talking about their reaction to the holiday creative and how the creative campaign, it's uniquely Target. And we're certainly upping our game both in-store.  But we're also going to spend significantly more in digital this year, to touch our guests no matter how they're connecting with the brand. 
In-store, we've made significant progress in a very short period of time, going from testing ship from store to now we're in 38 markets, 136 stores, where our stores are acting like flexible fulfillment centers. You can shop there, you can pick up there. But they're also shipping to, directly to our guests and allows us to cover 90% of our marketplace in a very short period of time. Takes the pain away from that last mile. 
So I think you're going to continue to see us make these points. And that's a sneak peek of Target in the future. And I think that is creating positive energy in the organization. 
Kathee and I are hearing really positive things from our vendors. Our organization knows we've got to be more -- we've got to show more agility. We've got to be responsive. We've got to make sure we're externally focused and following the guest. But I think you're seeing some of those things take shape today. 

Answer_8:

          Wayne, we haven't modeled exactly what that will be yet.  But I would tell you, I think that it will be moving up for a couple of reasons. So you heard Brian talk about those areas that we're going to focus on and really being famous for them and delighting our guests. And when we are at our best, we offer both Expect More, Pay Less together in all of these categories.  
And that means a really thoughtful balance of good, better, best, having clear features and benefits as we move up that ladder, allowing guests to be able to buy whatever's important to them. But importantly, offering really good trade-up opportunities. 
So you're seeing some of that right now in some categories.  But I think as we move forward and we become famous, again, for some of these categories, there will be a lot of trade-up opportunity. So I would say overall, seeing it moving up. 


          And then Wayne, your second question, inventory, I think the one thing I'd say, if you look at our number this quarter, 6% to 7% all the US, really only about a third of this do we view as temporary. The vast majority of that was receipt timing. But that third, we expect to stay around. We started that in second quarter this year. 
We'll cycle it again next year in second quarter, somewhere around a 2% to 3% increase for the first half of next year.  But offsetting that ultimately, as we start to get back to positive comp sales, we should see faster turn. That should ultimately lead to better payables leverage. So not a meaningful impact overall once we get past fourth quarter here on our working capital. 

Answer_9:

          On margin, it's definitely dilutive, Greg, if for no other reason than the shipping expense. And I think as it continues to grow, that will put margin pressure on the P&L. And we've talked a little bit about this. There are lots of puts and takes in gross margin as we think about it going forward that we're working through today. 
As that business grows, it will be margin dilutive. But as we increase penetration of ship from store and pick up in store, that significantly not only improves our guest experience, but significantly improves the P&L. 
We're also balancing how we look at pricing right now and balancing inventories across the network as we ship from store. So some of those are up, some of those are down. And we're working through right now where ultimately gross margin will land. 

Answer_10:

          Greg, we're assessing that right now as we think about 2015 and beyond. But you should expect us to be investing in the capabilities to continue to build out our digital experience.  To continue to enhance our in-store experience.  To make sure we have the analytical tools to properly manage expenses and margin even more surgically going forward. 
And I talked about -- while certainly in the early stages, we're going to continue to look at smaller formats and how we use smaller formats to penetrate urban markets, allow our guest the chance to interact with the Target brand both in-store, but also continue to build out the opportunity for them to purchase online. 
So we're in the early stages of assessing our long-term capital needs, but you should expect us to be investing in the right capabilities and tools to provide long-term shareholder value and allow us to continue to fuel our growth and enhance both margins and continue to manage operating expenses effectively. 

Answer_11:

          Greg, we think -- at least Brian said I think with the caveat that we're working through this right now, we think we're probably in about the right range right now. The spend may move around a little bit. I think the one wild card is the point Brian made about small formats. 
But I would note that obviously the investment there is significantly below what a prototypical Target would look like.  So it would take a lot of those to meaningfully move our CapEx number. Like we've talked about, something for the US in that $2 billion, $2.5 billion range still makes sense, but we're doing the work right now. 

Answer_12:

          Yes, most of it is marketing moved around. And the magnitude, if you think about us beating by somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.09, it was a little bit less than half the beat.  So somewhere in that $30 million to $40 million moved between the quarters. 

Answer_13:

          Well, I wouldn't want to get into that level of detail. Clearly, last year pre breach was stronger than post breach, and we took that into account as we thought about the calendarization of the plan. And right now we're running ahead of that and we feel good about where we're at, not only relative to the plan, but on an absolute basis is what I'd say. But there is a lot of business left to be done before we get to the end of January. 

Answer_14:

          Yes and let's drop back and make sure we clarify our point on the food category. We have no intentions today to streamline those categories, but Kathee and the team are certainly stepping back and listening to the guest, really understanding what the Target guest is looking for in food. From an assortment standpoint, from a newness standpoint, we talked about the fact that as we go forward, you should expect to see more natural and organic offerings. 
We've seen a terrific response from the guest as something that we call Made to Matter, a collection of items that are on trend for our Target guest, feature a number of exclusive items that Target from manufacturers that are in the organic and natural space, that can bring great innovation, gluten-free, on-trend products to our guests. And we certainly recognize that we have an opportunity to connect with the guest in a different way when it comes to food. 
But you shouldn't expect us to deemphasize those categories. That's not the point. We're not streamlining our food offering, but we are stepping back and really listening to the guest, making sure we curate on their behalf the right items that are uniquely Target, that meet the needs of our guests in the food categories. 
So a lot more to come as we talk about this in the first quarter, but to make sure we're really clear, we're not streamlining food. We're not deemphasizing food. We're not walking away from food. But we certainly want to make sure we put our mark on the food category with items that are uniquely Target, that are right for our guests, that are on trend.  And you should certainly expect to see more natural, organic offerings in that space because the Target guest has asked for them. 

Answer_15:

          We would certainly expect to see that. And Kathee talked about some of the changes we're seeing in mix. And certainly when we talk about natural organic and when we talk about some of these unique items, they tend to have a higher average unit rank. 
So you should expect to see some mix changes, but importantly, food is an important part of our future. We're not going to deemphasize the category. We're not looking to take away space. We want it to be more impactful, more on trend, and we want to fill it with items that the Target guest is looking for. 

Answer_16:

          That concludes Target's third-quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you all for your participation. 

