Question_1:

          Thanks, good morning.  It's Simeon Gutman.  First question on gross margin for John or for Brian.  It was quite solid in the fourth quarter.  Last year, you had a little pressure but not nearly as much as I guess we all expected given some of the discounting.  So can you talk about what drove the expansion year-over-year in this year's fourth quarter? 

Question_2:

          Okay, and just one follow up.  I'm sure this will get addressed next week, but can you just tell us what the average wage for full-time associates and/or part-time associates are at Target? 

Question_3:

          Thanks for taking my question.  I want to follow up on that last comment around wages.  Brian, could you just provide some context around how much opportunity you think there is to reduce complexity and improve efficiency in case you needed to respond to wages or you wanted to respond? 

Question_4:

          Thanks.  And then just a quick followup on the higher online return rates.  Do you think that's primarily a function of the free shipping offer?  Is it more prevalent in certain categories?  And is it related at all to error rates? 

Question_5:

          Hey, guys.  Thanks for taking my questions.  The first thing I wanted to poke at was frequency.  Brian, you mentioned that you were real pleased with the frequency going up in the quarter. 
Is that a focus for the Company to drive frequency to the stores?  And maybe as a preview, how do you get it done? 

Question_6:

          That's perfect.  And I just had one quick follow up.  I have a ton of questions, but I'm just going to do one quick followup to what you said, Brian. 
You didn't mention, although Kathee did, she mentioned food.  How do you think of food in context to traffic?  And then I'll yield.  Thank you. 

Question_7:

          Thanks a lot, and good morning.  If you could frame some of the marketing and technology spending in the fourth quarter, just let us know what that was directed towards.  And I know you're holding back to some degree on 2015 guidance, but were some of those initiatives that you would expect to persist through the upcoming year? 

Question_8:

          Hello, guys.  Good morning.  I just wanted to follow up on the food question, and then specifically inside of the fresh component of the business.  This was supposed to be a big part of driving transactions to the store over the long-term.  
Could you just maybe give us a little bit on where Target is with its fresh offering today?  How is it evolving, and are you happy with the performance of the sales and margins on this segment of the business? 

Question_9:

          Okay.  And then maybe as a follow up here.  Just on the inflation front, can you just give us an idea of how inflation trended maybe across the store in the quarter, and your expectations in the near and medium term?  Thank you. 

Question_10:

          Good morning.  Thanks a lot for taking my question.  As you look back at the fourth quarter, can you dimension what you think the -- how the performance was driven by your own initiatives, the easy comparison versus last year, and just an improving macro environment due in part to the lower fuel prices?  If there's any way you could potentially quantify that, I think it would be really helpful. 

Question_11:

          That's helpful.  The follow-up question I had is, are there any particular call outs you can offer about the strength in the last two weeks of the quarter?  It just strikes us as interesting, and we're curious about what drove that strength.  Thank you. 

Question_12:

          That's great.  Thanks.  I had a couple follow-ups. 
It would be great to know -- you said the signature categories did well.  Do you have the actual numbers, like which ones were better by category for food and wellness, et cetera? 

Question_13:

          And maybe a follow-up on that momentum and seeing the traffic get back to up 3%.  When you look out to your first quarter, that 2% expectation, do you expect traffic to be half of that comp or positive in the first quarter?  Or what's built into your expectation? 

Question_14:

          Great.  And then, John, maybe a quick follow-up on SG&A.  It looked like -- and I could be backing the math out wrong here, but SG&A dollars in the fourth quarter accelerated to maybe 4% or 5% growth.  Was there anything that caused that in particular? 

