Answer_1:

          Overall, I think we're making really good progress against our key strategic initiatives that we've been talking about for a year now. The change we announced this week is to make sure that we elevate our focus on execution and really ensuring operational excellence throughout the organization. And that's why I'm so excited about John stepping into this new role to make sure that we complement the focus we've placed upon creating strategic clarity with a recommitment to operational execution.
And I think the combination of those two elements is critical to continuing to drive traffic, make sure we delight the guests, see an improvement in our net promoter scores, and make sure that both in-store and online, we're continuing to see an acceleration in traffic and visits to our site.
So I think we're making very good progress right now. I think that is showing up in the results we delivered this quarter. But we're not satisfied. And we know we've got more work to do to ensure that we do meet the needs of the guests every time they shop. And critically important in meeting those needs is to make sure that we provide a great in-store experience and dramatically improve our in-stock conditions, particularly about core essentials.
So I think very good progress. I think this is an excellent quarter where the entire team performed well. But we know we've got more work to do, and we've got to make sure both in-store and online, we deliver a consistently great experience for the guest.

Answer_2:

          So on the comp guidance, we don't break out traffic and ticket. But I would tell you just from a business perspective, we are very focused on driving traffic over time. Ultimately, we have to bring people into our stores. We need to bring people to the site, onto mobile devices. And so that's a key driver for us for our sales as we continue to move forward.
Related to the supply chain, there's -- the team has done a great job responding to the needs of the organization over time to develop more flexible ways to meet the needs of our guests and really fulfill on-demand shopping. I think we're just at a point now where we need to step back and build broader capabilities across the entirety of the supply chain as we continue to expand the way we want to serve our guests.
So there is not one particular area of the Company or one particular part of the business that we are completely focused on. [Absent], I would tell you, as I said, and you heard from Brian, in stocks are a key priority. And then specifically, being sure day to day in every store we're in stock on essentials. That's a key priority for our guests. We hear it from them.
It's a key focus for the team, and we have teams working on improving those in stocks across our essential categories today. And that will be a focus as we go forward.


          Oliver, I can build on that because as we talk about improving our focus on operational and executional initiatives, I go back to some conversations we've had in the past. I absolutely believe we have the best team in retail. Our store operations -- Tina and her team do a sensational job.
But one of the things that John will be focused on is ensuring we simplify the work. And we make it much easier for them to execute each day and take care of the guest. So we want to complement a very strong store leadership team that does a sensational job each and every day, executing store by store, by simplifying some of the work, by making sure that we push work upstream, and allow them to focus even more on the store experience and the service we provide our guest.


          Thank you.

Answer_3:

          Matt, I would tell you that the improvements we are seeing is really driven by mix. And as we've talked about, we've invested heavily in ensuring we're on trend; we're bringing great quality to the guest; we're accentuating our position in key categories. We were really pleased during the quarter to see how well be connected with sub cats like swim. We've seen really strong performance in ready-to-wear, and most recently, a very positive response to the changes we've made in denim.
So the improvements we are seeing in those categories are really driven by great quality, following the trend curves, bringing great style, and fashion to our guest. And it has not been driven by a reliance on pricing.

Answer_4:

          No. Matt, we're in a place where we have, we believe, just great, great assets across the supply chain. Great distribution centers, great upstream distribution centers, food distribution centers, fulfillment centers, and, of course, the stores.
I think we've said over the past couple of years, our focus of our investment has been supply chain and technology in support of becoming an on-demand company. That will continue to be the case. We're going to continue to invest in technology and supply chain. But the physical asset side, we feel really, really good about.

Answer_5:

          It is. And it would be. And we are seeing a very positive start to back-to-school and back-to-college.


          Thanks, Matt.

Answer_6:

          Morning.

Answer_7:

          Sure. Let me start with localization. And as I said, during the last couple of calls, this is still a very nascent effort for us. We're in one market, a handful of stores in Chicago. But we've really been focusing on a handful of areas where we recognize we need to change our assortment, change our presentation, be more relevant, and really recognize the needs and the demographics of these local markets.
So there's a handful of categories I might lift up. One, craft beer. And really making sure that in a category like craft beer, we have locally relevant items. And we recognize that even in a market like Chicago, those need to be tailored neighborhood by neighborhood.
So we've looked at specialty foods; we've looked at categories like craft beer. We've looked at categories like patio and grills. And recognizing that in the suburbs of Chicago, we can offer, and should have in store, large patio sets, five-burner grills.
But for our stores located in more of the urban neighborhoods, of Chicago, we need bistro tables. And we need two-burner grills, because those guests are living in condos and apartments. They've got small patios, and we need to make sure we tailor our assortment and our presentation to recognize their needs and to make sure we're mode locally relevant.
So we're certainly spending a lot of time looking at food. And as we think about the food reinvention, a lot of this is going to be driven by making sure we have locally relevant brands, those hometown favorites. And also in broader categories, like patio and furniture, making sure that we're matching up our assortment in-store with the needs of that local guest.
So a lot of additional work for us to do, but we're really pleased with the progress. And I talked about a 1 to 2 point lift versus the test and control stores. That is a very important measure for us to continue to evaluate. And working with John and our merch team, we'll be looking to rapidly rollout the learning from Chicago into other relevant markets.
From a digital standpoint, David, obviously, we continue to see really positive responses in some of our efforts like Cartwheel. And Cartwheel has now been downloaded over 18 million times. And every time I'm in stores, I run into guests that have their smartphone in their hand and they are looking for their offers from cartwheel.
But we also recognize that Target is a brand that's talked about in social media, every day, thousands of times every day. So if you were to visit our headquarters here in Minneapolis, just down the hall from my office, we have what we call guest central.
It's our guest command center where we're monitoring what people are talking about, what they are blogging about, how Target's being referenced in the news. And we're making sure we're very engaged with those bloggers and making sure that we are in the discussion. So it's a very important part of how we think about the brand and making sure that we incorporate social into our overall brand development initiatives.


          Thank you, David.

Answer_8:

          Well, I think it starts, Scott, with the reaction we've seen from the guests to some of the changes we've made in signature categories. When I think about, in today's marketplace, apparel growing at 4% to 5%; the changes we've seen and the reaction we've seen from the guests to our home offering; the fact that within kids, toys growing this quarter at 12%.
And while, again, still in the early stages, the reaction to some of the changes we are making in our food assortment; the reaction the guest is taking to Made to Matter; our wellness initiatives, gives me a tremendous amount of confidence that as we continue to bring great design, fashion, quality, and excitement to our signature categories, and combine that with the opportunity to reinvent food, to bring the right assortment that meets the needs of our guests. That to me is the magic to unlock sustainable sales growth at Target and make sure we're driving traffic to our stores, more visits to our site.
And it gets back fundamentally, Scott, I believe we win. And we'll continue to grow by combining a great story experience, the convenience of allowing our guests to order online and pick up in our stores whenever they want, and also being able to ship directly to their homes and using our stores as flexible fulfillment centers to make sure that response is a quick one.
So I'm very optimistic about the future. I think you are starting to see that embedded in the results, and the results in signature categories is very encouraging for us. We're getting great feedback from the guests.
As I think about the third quarter, we expect Plaid to be a really exciting initiative, and the buzz that we are seeing already is really positive. So we've got work to do on food. But when we reinvent food and get the assortment right there and improve the presentation, I think that gives us all great confidence that we're going to continue to drive traffic to our stores. And that's going to convert to really solid and sustainable comps.

Answer_9:

          I think we can all drive ourselves crazy doing two-year, three-year, five-year stacks whatever you want. But in this case, I do think the two-year stack is important. We've continued to see our two-year stacks improve. If you do last year's Q4 against the previous Q4, the average there is about -- or the number there is about a [1/3]. So we expect to cycle path that this Q4.
And we've seen putting our -- putting the applied guidance -- you guys can do a rough number around that. Putting that against last year's comp will be in acceleration of our two-year stack. And so we feel good about that. And I think to the points Brian just made, part of it is we need to continue to grow.
We feel confident we're going to continue to grow and comp against whatever it is we delivered in the prior year, and we feel good about doing that. We feel great about our fourth-quarter plans. We're cognizant that that's an intensely competitive time of year. We'll be very promotional. We're not going to get beat on promotions, and we'll be in the game. And we feel really good about what we'll offer the guests in Q4.


          Yes. And Scott, obviously, we'll update our guidance for the fourth quarter at a later date. But trust me, we are spending a tremendous amount of time evaluating our plans week by week in the fourth quarter. I spent time just yesterday with our team, going through our fourth-quarter plans, our merchandising plans, our marketing plans, how we're going to approach the key holiday periods.
And, to me, it's all about making sure we've got the right content. We've got to have great product. We certainly know we need to make sure we're winning from a promotional standpoint. But then we've got to make sure we surround the guest with a great experience and really iconic marketing. And I think we're going to combine a great in-store with an online experience and be very competitive and well-prepared for the fourth quarter.

Answer_10:

          Thanks, Scott.

Answer_11:

          So Matt, I'm not going to go through the details of our plans. We'll kind of maintain that powder for the fourth quarter. But we are certainly looking at newness in electronics. We're looking at categories where we think we are uniquely positioned to win.
So working very closely with our suppliers, to ensure that we have the right newness, that we're ready with the right presentation. I think there's a lot of exciting things in the pipeline. We certainly think, as we continue to focus on wellness, that wearable technology is a space where we can and will win.
But we also recognize right now that many of those categories are waiting for new innovation. And we're working closely with our key suppliers to make sure that we are going to be bringing that innovation to the guest and featuring it throughout the fourth quarter.

Answer_12:

          I'll take the second one first, and then let Brian comment on the growth. I think on our supply chain for the digital channel, we actually have six dedicated fulfillment centers.
And we think the combination of fulfillment centers with our existing regional distribution centers, and along with the stores, gives us all the capability we need. And then you'll see us continue to grow the store channel, our regional distribution channel, all three of those channels, as ways to fulfill, depending on the product and how quickly the guest wants it.


          Yes. And Peter, I'll step back and just talk about some of the fundamentals. We've got to continue to make sure we build awareness. We've got to make sure that as our guest engages with us digitally, we make it really easy. We make it easy to find product, an easy checkout experience.
We believe that Available-to-Promise, which will roll out this fall, will give our guest the confidence that they know where the product is and when it will arrive for them. Either in a store for them to pick up or being available directly to their home.
So we are focused on making sure that we provide, not only a great in-store, but a great digital experience. And we've got to make sure that we continue to make our site easy to work with. And more and more that's the mobile interchange that we've got to make sure is easy for our guest to find product and check out.
We want to give them the confidence that when they order, they know it's available to promise. And we're going to have it there for them when they need it. And to the point John made, we don't need to be building upstream DCs. We're going to continue to convert more of our stores and as we go into the fourth quarter, close to 450. That will act as flexible fulfillment centers to make sure that we can quickly and efficiently get product to the guest. So those fundamentals are critically important as we think about driving industry-leading growth.

Answer_13:

          Yes. So we're right on track with savings. We've got programs identified to deliver the entirety of the [$2 billion], the $1.5 billion in SG&A, plus the cost of goods savings. So we feel really good about that. We're on track for our commitment this year as well.
One of the things we talked about when we first announced this, and we've talked about it in a great detail in the Company, is the stores are already productive. And if we're going to take hours out of the store, it will be because we eliminate work, or to the point Brian made earlier, move work upstream into the distribution centers. And so we're not focused on taking hours out of the store.
We are focused on taking work out and we haven't -- we're in the process of working through that. That's a little bit longer lead process than some of the other things we've done. But we are very focused on, essentially, freeing up those hours in the store. And then we'll decide, do we need them for improved guest service or how we'll utilize them.
But in fact, there's a couple areas where we have invested hours back into the store. As we put in the whole merchandising sets and as we put in manikins, we've realized the need for dedicated store team members who can merchandise those displays and make them look great all the time. So that's an area where we've invested back into the store.


          Thanks.


          All right, we have time for one more question this morning.

Answer_14:

          Yes. Good questions. On the credit side, the benefit, it was up, but not meaningful. And it was less than, I'd say, less than half a penny of improvement versus last year. So very, very small. We are pleased it was up given that the, as we said, payment rates continue to go up. And so we're seeing the portfolio continue to shrink. So clearly, a portion of where the gas dollars are going, at least from our perspective.
SG&A through time, we'd expect to lever SG&A, go up, over the long term here, go up modestly, slower than sales growth. I think we've said we're going to continue to take expense out. But we also said that the majority of that expense will likely get reinvested. So I wouldn't count on big reductions in our SG&A over time. There will be places where we have to add back expense to meet the needs of our guests I just talked about in the stores. So modestly slower than sales growth over the long term would be what I'd say.


          Well, great. Thank you. And for all of you, that concludes our second-quarter earnings conference call. And I really appreciate you joining us today, so thank you.







