Question_1:

          Hi. Congratulations on a really solid quarter and all the traffic. Brian, as you've been so successful in this journey, as traffic has come back to the stores, just a bigger-picture question. How do you think your priorities have dynamically changed throughout the year?
And where would you say Target is in terms of customers coming back to the store versus increasing customer spend? And, John, I just had a question related to the comp guidance as well.

Question_2:

          Thanks, Brian. And John, I just had a question on the comp guidance, would you expect this to be pretty broken out between traffic or ticket? Or do think it's going to be more traffic led?
And as you do embark on the opportunity and supply chain, what are you highlighting as the lower hanging fruit in terms of timing? And I was just curious about the categories that you see the most opportunity for when you think about further advancing your supply chain?

Question_3:

          Thanks for taking my questions. John, congrats on your new role. And Kathy, it's nice to have you back in the retail sector. First, I was wondering to what extent you are using price to drive the 3x growth in signature categories. Can you comment on what the growth in gross profit dollars for those categories has been like?

Question_4:

          Okay. That's helpful. And then, secondly, your comments regarding the supply chain being stretched, I realize that the analysis is just starting or in the early days. But do you believe that there is a significant reinvestment required in the supply chain in terms of either DCs or [FCs] or something else?

Question_5:

          Okay. That's great news, and then if I could just sneak one more in. The early back-to-school strength and the marketing shift, is that fully embedded into the Q3 comp guide?

Question_6:

          Hi. Good morning.

Question_7:

          Wondering if you could give us a few more examples, concrete examples, of how your driving that localization success in Chicago, categories or items? And separately, if you could talk a little bit about digital approach outside of your own platform?
So we've seen it and we've heard from you what you're doing and that's exciting and driving growth. But we've seen a little bit of your outreach to bloggers and how you're working with them. If you could talk about the full view of how you are thinking about digital outside of the Target headquarters, that would be helpful as well. Thank you.

Question_8:

          Hey, guys. Welcome, Kathy, and congratulations, John. Looking forward to working with you guys in your new capacity as we move forward. The stock, obviously, was up a lot. Earlier today it's kind of rolled over, and I think it's the sales line that people may be a little concerned about, the 1% to 2% guidance to the third quarter.
But I would also look out over time -- SG&A saves obviously taper down. And so as you look out to 2016 and 2017, getting the sales line moving is going to be more important here. I know, Brian, you pointed to some things like the signature categories, but I was wondering what else gives you confidence?
We actually have a lot of confidence because our focus groups are saying to us that people are really responding to what you guys are doing? But in your words what gives you the confidence we can see sales trend higher overtime?

Question_9:

          All right. That's perfect. And then maybe just -- I hate to be the short-term focus, but it's a question I get all the time. As we look at the fourth quarter, we are going to be going over a pretty significant comp from last year. How should we think about that?
I mean, a lot of people look at stacks. Do you guys look at stacks? How do you think we should start framing the fourth quarter, maybe in a thought there?

Question_10:

          Perfect, guys. I'll yield. Those were great answers. I appreciate it.

Question_11:

          Hi. Yes. Congratulations both John and Kathy on the new roles. I was just wondering if we could focus just -- I know we've talked a lot about the signature categories. You've talked a lot about supply chain, but can we focus on -- and you've also talked about food -- can you focus a little bit on electronics? Continued weakness there.
Clearly the industry itself is a little bit challenged, but a lot of consumer interest in new products in that category, especially as we go into the holiday season, this upcoming holiday season you're talking about the fourth quarter. Maybe dive a little bit into what you're doing there in that specific category to try to gain market share in what is a challenged category. Thank you.

Question_12:

          Hey, guys. Two quick ones. First, on the digital side, obviously impressive growth, 30%. I think the longer-term plan is closer to 40%. So curious, two things. One, what gets that channel growing faster the next couple of years?
And related to that, a number of large retailers out there are opening up a dedicated eCommerce fulfillment centers. I don't believe you guys have those. Is that something that makes sense for Target as you think out over the next few years?

Question_13:

          Okay. That's helpful. And sorry, my bad, on that DC question, but thank you for that. And then quickly over to SG&A, I think you guys have outlined $1.5 billion over the next couple of years in savings, $500 million maybe coming this year. Where are you trending towards those savings? How are those savings kind of corporate versus in-store? I'm just curious how store level payroll dollars compare today versus, let's say, a year ago?

Question_14:

          Hi, thanks. Made it in again. Kathy, welcome. John, I can't let you get promoted without hitting you with the finance questions. So how much did credit help? You said credit, I think, was a benefit in the core of the profit share. How much did that help in the quarter?
And linked to that, how should we think about SG&A dollar growth? It sounds like third quarter will be up [1 point to 2 points] with the comp. But it was flat in the second quarter. What's the normal run rate there now?

