Question_1:

          First, Brian, I'm hoping that we can get a little bit of the pulse of the consumer from you. Clearly there's been some weather impact in September and October. 
But we're hearing negative comments about November from a number of retailers, so it feels like there's something else happening either from a macro or maybe a competitive standpoint. I'd love to get your sense for what you're hearing from your customers, your guests. 

Question_2:

          That's great to hear. Shifting gears to gross margins, I'm wondering if you can call out the impact of the reimbursement pressure in healthcare and any sense for the total impact or run rate impact following the closure of your deal with CVS, how that could help you next year? 
And then secondly on gross margin, you did call out in the press release private brand investments. And I'm wondering if you could dimensionalize the potential size of that over the next few years? Thanks. 

Question_3:

          Wonder if you could give us any extra color or update on the localization work in Chicago? 

Question_4:

          So last time you had updated us I think you said 100 to 200 basis point comp lift. Does the very pleased mean we're continuing to see that? 

Question_5:

          Got it. And then quick on the dot-com side of the business, there was some deceleration, still good growth in that line. Can you talk about any other metrics that help us understand the shift? 
Is it time spent on the site, capabilities? What is driving the difference in the growth rate? And it sounds like a growth rate you're comfortable with for next quarter. 

Question_6:

          It's encouraging to hear that a lot of the investments, especially in the signature categories, are panning out well for you. In your merchandising strategy specifically, where do you think you still have the most work to do, and what can we expect year over year when we see those categories for holiday? 

Question_7:

          I wanted to get back into the food discussion, if we could. I think you're testing stuff in Chicago, you're going to roll that into LA. 
Brian, maybe a lot of people don't notice, maybe they do, but you had a good experience back when you were at Safeway and then onto Sam's. I think you talked about 200 basis points you're initially seeing, but what can we expect out of the Company? 
I think Safeway saw more than that as they brought in some refurbishments. And when can we expect to see more from Target as far as refreshing the decor and maybe doing a fuller roll out? 
And is 200 basis points a good expectation? It seems to me it could actually be higher than that as you refine your lift, but wanted to get some more details there. 

Question_8:

          Obviously key, and I think Cathy said you're measuring -- one of the big things you look at is frequency, and this is obviously core to that. So we look forward to seeing more. 
But my follow-up question is on the investment side. We get it a lot, whether it be e-commerce, whether it be on the food and the logistics. Can you talk us through why there won't be a massive ramp up in investment as we go out the next couple years and that you have enough money in the CapEx and the SG&A to handle what the Company needs to do? 

Question_9:

          I'd like to ask a two-part question. The first relates to the cost cutting initiatives that you discussed at your analyst meeting earlier in the year. 
You spoke about $1.5 billion of SG&A and $0.5 billion on cost of goods over two years. If you could talk about the run rate that you're at now against those goals? 
I guess another twist on Scott's question, the degree to which you've had investments insight that would offset some of those. I think that was also part of the plan that you set forth. 

Question_10:

          If I could ask a quick follow-up, when you talk about $0.5 billion this year, is that delivered -- I noticed it's not been delivered to the bottom line because there are some offsets, but is that annualized run rate achieved or is that actual cost cuts that would have come out on the gross basis against your cost base offset by some of the investments? 

Question_11:

          And then a very quick follow up, on wages, obviously Walmart made an incremental announcement since your last call. Any sense as to whether this issue is brewing up organically in the field, as you think about hiring and you think about intrinsic wage pressure in the marketplace and how you're thinking about that relative to your plan? 

Question_12:

          I guess my two questions are a bit of a follow up. One on the last one, if you look at the fourth-quarter guidance, if I'm getting this right SG&A dollars are flattish. 
And is that basically that cost out with the reinvestment going in? And then the nature of that question is really, John, you mentioned 40% of digital you thought would be ship from store in the fourth quarter. What has it been running and what does that do to the labor model? 

Question_13:

          That's helpful. If I could follow up, I think earlier you talked about private label penetration a little bit. Could you talk about how the stronger dollar or falling raw material costs or lower fuel costs could be impacting gross margin today differently than you would have thought a few quarters ago? 

Question_14:

          Just two quick questions. First one is on the apparel performance, you talked a little bit about margin pressure in private label and exclusive. Was that new to the third quarter, and how do you see that playing out in the fourth quarter? 
Then the second question that I have is, on the e-commerce business, can you give us an update on the subscription offerings and how that's going from a fulfillment perspective as well? 

