Answer_1:

          We can now. 

Answer_2:

          Well, it's still very early and we'll be tracking this carefully over the next few months. John Mulligan was actually down in the Charlotte market just a few weeks ago, where we've  rebranded some of the very first CVS pharmacies inside of Target.  So John, why don't I let you share some of your impressions? 


          Yes, I think overall, I don't think the rebranding will be a significant disruption for the store or the technology changes that are going to go on. As we walk the store, it looked fantastic.  The CVS brand looks great. I think they've done a great job, between our team and theirs, tying it into the total Target store environment. When we did this, we spoke a lot about the tools that CVS would bring, not only to our guests, but to our teams. The teams were certainly excited about the tools that CVS is bringing to them to help them do their job, so that they can focus more fully on guest service.  So we're very excited about that.  And we're excited to see, like Brian said, as we go along later in the year, we'll see more marketing to talk about the relationship of the two companies and also see the reaction of our guests as those capabilities are made more front and center for them, as well. 


          I'd only add, we've been working for months and months now with our colleagues at CVS to make sure this is a very smooth transition.  And the plans we have in place will minimize the impact on the guest.  So we're very excited about what this brings to Target, what it brings to our guests, and to our shareholders, and expect it to be a very seamless transition over the next six months. 


          Thank you. 

Answer_3:

          Why don't I start by talking about the promotional environment?  And we approach every year recognizing that the fourth quarter, this holiday season, is a very important time of the year for us, and it's going to be a very promotional environment.  And as we sit here today, we really believe our playbook that we rolled out during the holiday drove traffic to our stores, drove traffic to our site, allowed us to accelerate our comp performance.  And remember, we were comping a very strong Q4 from 2014.  So we felt very good about the effectiveness of our promotions. They were broad, they were very simple, and they worked both in store and online.  So we feel great about the performance during the holiday, where our signature categories performed well. We've worked with Nielsen and NPD to look at market share performance and clearly recognize that we gained market share as a by-product of our playbook in the fourth quarter.  So feel very good about our approach.  
But to your question about the future, we're always stepping back and analyzing promotional effectiveness, looking back at our playbook.  And as we plan for next year, we'll continue to enhance and refine and make sure that we have very broad, very simple and very effective offers that continue to drive traffic and profitably grow our sales. John, do you want to talk about the impact of in-stocks? 


          Yes, I think we certainly can analyze, triangulate around the sales impact of in-stocks, but that would be providing you very rough estimates. What I think is much more important when you talk about essential categories, ultimately this is about the guests trusting that you will have the merchandise they want when they come in our stores. If a new mom takes her baby out in 10-degree weather for diapers and formula, you better have diapers and formula in your store.  And so really, it's about the trust that they have in the Target brand to always deliver wherever and whenever they want.  And over time, there is no doubt in our minds that will drive sales growth for the long term. 


          Thank you, Michael. 

Answer_4:

          Good morning. 

Answer_5:

          I'll start out, and then I'll let Cathy and John also build on it.  But as we talked about last year, we've  had a very clear multi-year plan. We targeted over $2 billion of savings.  And in 2015, we've made very good progress against that plan. We're on or ahead of all of the key metrics that we're tracking and we expect that to continue as we go forward. 
So John and Cathy are working across the organization to make sure that those initiatives stay in place.  And as John continues to build his team and we bring people like [Anu] Gupta on board to focus on operational excellence, we expect to find even greater opportunities for further improvement.  So I think we're well positioned today. I feel very good about the progress we've made to drive productivity across the organization, and you should expect that to continue in 2016 and beyond. 


          I'll just add on a little bit. With regards to our performance with SG&A, the beauty of what we're seeing with the plan we laid out last year is we're delivering upon it, but we're also recognizing how we can reinvest back in the business on the priorities that matter to our guests.  And so if you think about our investment in visual merchandise leaders, that's a great example. 1,400 stores now have someone who is an expert at helping to showcase the categories that matter most to our guests.  And so we're seeing ability, as we save on one line, we can invest in other areas in our business.  
And you had asked about wage pressure. I'm going to just put a plug in. We believe in having the best team in retail.  And that has always been a differentiator for Target, and we believe more today than ever that is going to be a differentiator is our wonderful team member engagement with our guests every single day, any way they interact with them.  So we're going to be competitive in wage. We always assess it market by market, because we believe in fielding that best team in retail. 

Answer_6:

          Yes.  So Greg, thank you. First off, I'm going to put a plug in to say we look forward to seeing you next week, because we'll obviously unpack a little bit more of it then.  But with regards to the share repurchase comment, in our guidance we did assume a consistent level of share repurchases, like we've been talking. However, we're also ending the year with a pretty heavy cash position, because we closed the transaction late in December.  And so you'll see us provide additional color into that.  But suffice it to say, it will be at the level of this year or higher, and we've included that in our EPS guidance of $5.20 to $5.40. 

Answer_7:

          Yes, so as we've said, it obviously was an impact on sales, but very little on the aggregate EBITDA line,  which is what we've said longer term. 

Answer_8:

          Yes. 


          Thanks, Greg. 

Answer_9:

          Sean, as we think about our performance in the fourth quarter, it played out pretty much as expected. We know the fourth quarter is going to be very promotional, very competitive. We certainly saw the guests respond very positively to our offers and that drove great traffic. It allowed us to build market share in our signature categories, and I think it positioned us well for 2016.  So as we sit here, there's a lot of variables that go into building our plans for a quarter like the fourth quarter, but we're very pleased with the way our plans drove traffic to our stores, visits to our  site, allowed us to accelerate comps on top of a very strong quarter last year.  And we saw very broad increases across many of our signature categories, as we reported.  So I think our plans were in line with our expectation for the quarter. 

Answer_10:

          Sean, again, a number of puts and takes as we look at the impact of changes in currency and cost of goods, but it's all baked into our outlook for next year.  And I think we approach 2016 with a lot of confidence that we've got great plans in place, terrific momentum.  And as you'll see next week at the conference, the team's done a terrific job in building some exciting new brands that we'll showcase next week and we're already seeing some really positive responses from our guests to our new Kids line, Pillow Fort.  So we're excited about 2016 and we look forward to seeing you next week. With that, Operator, we've got time for one last call today. 

Answer_11:

          We're going to spend a lot more time unpacking this next week, but we recognize that today, our Target guests interfaces with the brand in a number of different ways. Sometimes they are in our stores, sometimes they're shopping online. We certainly heard many times, because of some of the proprietary items that we offered during the fourth quarter, they were shopping online, but as John referenced, quickly coming to our stores to pick up those items.  So we felt really good about the way the guests responded to our offers during the fourth quarter.  And a great combination of in-store traffic, more guests than ever before clicking and collecting items in our store, and then the fact that we were able to leverage our stores, this year over 460, where we were shipping from stores to our guests' homes, that overall package came together really effectively throughout the holiday.  So we feel as if we had a winning strategy in the holidays. It drove great comps on top of a very strong performance last year.  
And you and many of the others that are on the call have asked me repeatedly throughout 2015, would we be able to comp the 3.8% increase in 2014? Well, hopefully, we answered that question. We answered it with strong momentum, and we were able to see both strong performance in our stores and we delivered industry leading performance online.  So we feel really good about the way we're exiting Q4 and well positioned for 2016 and beyond.  
So we're looking forward to seeing all of you next week in New York and thanks for your patience this morning. I know we started a few minutes late, but hopefully it was worth your time, and we look forward to seeing you again next Wednesday.  So thank you. 

