Question_1:

          Hello.  Can you hear me? 

Question_2:

          Okay.  Great. Thank you. My first question is on CVS. You had mentioned in your prepared comments that you've already converted some of the pharmacies.  And I know it's early days, but wondered if you could provide any detail on if you've noticed any notable changes in traffic in those particular stores?  And just how disruptive is the rebranding across the chain over the next six months? 

Question_3:

          Good morning.  Thanks a lot for taking my question. Two parter.  Number one is on the promotional activity. Can you give us a sense for how much you think that impacted the sales for the quarter and how is that going to influence your promotional posture moving forward? And then the second part of my question is on some of the stats, very helpful stats that Mr. Mulligan provided on the in-stocks, how much do you think that the increase in in-stocks helped in the fourth quarter? Thank you so much. 

Question_4:

          Thank you so much and good morning. 

Question_5:

          I'd like to talk for a moment about the SG&A line and just to put in context the cost cuts that you announced at last year's meeting, about $1.5 billion annualized, talk about where we are in recognizing those and just thinking about the expense performance that you had against that.  And as part of that, if you could address whether there's any incipient wage pressure that you've noted in the market would be very helpful.  Thank you so much. 

Question_6:

          Hello.  I just wanted ask a little more detail on the guidance, Cathy, that you outlined. If you think about all of 2016, how much buyback is there or isn't there in that guidance?  And also,  how should we think about CVS impacting the guidance, however you want to frame it, in terms of you mentioned sales, but also margin, should we expect a certain margin benefit, if it's 50 to 70 bips up in the first quarter, is that a good run rate for the year or how should we think of it? 

Question_7:

          And on the margins? 

Question_8:

          So your full-year guidance assumes some slight EBITDA margin increase, it seems? 

Question_9:

          Hello.  Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Just on Q4, the gross margin was just a little bit lighter than I think consensus and we modeled that. Could you provide just a little more detail on the variances or puts and takes in gross margin versus the internal plan that you had, or was that 50 basis point decline in line with your expectations? 

Question_10:

          Okay.  Great.  And real quick, a follow-up on how you're thinking about 2016. Just from getting a number of questions about how you feel about cost of goods sold, where are you seeing any inflation or deflation potentially in those categories, and specifically in Food, how is that playing through on the P&L right now? Thanks. 

Question_11:

          Thanks.  Good morning.  Thanks, Brian. Quick question that was follow-up on something, the top line versus gross margin tradeoff. First, I take it you're pleased with the outcome. I recognize it's very difficult to optimize, but can you tell us maybe at least the growth you saw in digital, was that existing customers versus new? I'm trying to gauge the stickiness of some of the customers that came to you in the fourth quarter. 

