Question_1:

          Hi. I had two questions. Thanks, Brian, and I think, John and Cathy, you all gave a nice overview there when you described how the quarter progressed. Could you help us understand where April was? Was it actually negative? And also, any geographic distinctions that you saw in the quarter? And then I had a follow-up on the margin. 

Question_2:

          That's great, that's helpful. That's also a transition into the margin. If I got your guidance right, the midpoint of it, if I take the comp and to get to that EPS I get (technical difficulty) margins down around (technical difficulty) in the second quarter. One, is that right? And, two, it sounds like the real reason for that might be a little bit of deleverage and then basically mark-down risk on inventory given the rest of your comment. Is that fair? 

Question_3:

          Yes, it looks to us from guidance, EBIT margin is down 50 BPs in the second quarter at the midpoint. How much of that is just deleverage and how much of that is mark-down risk from the elevated inventories and categories? 

Question_4:

          Hi. Thanks for all the details. We had a question regarding the smaller convenience trip slowdown. Could you just help us understand it, as you looked at the data, if there's patterns there that give you some insight into how that dynamic may be playing out and what's the opportunity there? 
And, secondly, on the promotional pressure that you're seeing, what's the axes from which that may be happening in terms of, A, categories and, B, Amazon versus bricks-and-mortar competition? Are there different aspects of competition that you're facing as you look to determine what's optimal from an executional and strategic point of view? Thank you. 

Question_5:

          Okay. Thank you. Just a quick follow-up. As you've been monitoring, and you've been really ahead of thinking in terms of the omni-channel experience, Brian, are there any little changes that you've been seeing in terms of how customers view convenience or what you're seeing now in terms of the online plus offline experience that are different in terms of like the trends you've been recognizing? 

Question_6:

          Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask, Brian, if you could talk a little about the in-fill trips again. Wanted to go back to Cartwheel. If I recall, I don't think you even mentioned it on the call this time, and I'm just wondering if there's any changes going on there or what you're doing. Presumably, that would be a way to help stimulate the in-fill trips like localization, personalized marketing. I know you guys do a great job with that with your mobile effort. So just, did something fall apart on that front or maybe some things weren't as effective? Could you talk about that a little? 

Question_7:

          Got it. Thanks. And then, you guys mentioned the center store disruption and all of the efforts you made -- that you are making to improve the healthy living and that category. Were you able to quantify how much of an impact that had? Presumably it was a decent disruption in April that could have had a bit of a drag. 

Question_8:

          Hi, this is Chris filling in for Kate. With the comp coming in below your expectations, is there a reason why you didn't choose to get more promotional this quarter? Could you walk us through how much of your gross margin was impacted by promotions and was it more than last year? 

Question_9:

          And just looking ahead, you mentioned apparel's going to be very competitive. Are there any other categories you see that will also face pricing competition? And also, just really quickly, for your in-stock initiatives, how much did the improvement in those initiatives contribute to the comp in Q1? 

Question_10:

          Hey, guys, just a clarification. Just on the second-quarter gross margin outlook, I think you said down 40 basis points. I assume that's on a reported basis, right? So, excluding the pharmacy impact, it would be down maybe closer to 100. Am I right on that? 

Question_11:

          No, perfect. Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. Just on SG&A, is it fair to say that the SG&A dollars, if you exclude the pharmacy comparisons, were down slightly year over year in the first quarter? And I'm just curious if that's a trend that you think could persist over the balance of the year, given the tougher sales environment. 

Question_12:

          Okay. Last question, I apologize if I missed this. Any change to the CapEx plan for the year, which I think was around $1 billion? 

Question_13:

          Hi. Good morning. I'd just follow on Peter's last question. But when you look at the sales results that you had the last few weeks, and especially April, does that make you rethink your longer-term sales views that you laid out back in March? 

Question_14:

          Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So I just wanted to clarify, the resets in the dry grocery, when did that take place? Was that during the quarter or was that after the quarter closed? And, if it was during April, what was the drag? Do you guys know? 

Question_15:

          So, Brian, the weakness you continue to see into May -- because I think you say that reset went really well, that's a chunk of sales. So the weakness you see continuing into May would be non-consumable areas that are just, as you say, heavy inventory in some of these signature categories. Is that a good way to frame it? 

Question_16:

          Interesting. And so then I just wanted want to touch on the fill-in trip situation, and I think you talked about promoting a little bit more to try to get those trips. Is that promotion different? Is that promotion more in the consumable side of things as you look at it? It seemed intuitively that would be,  but I just wanted to get your thoughts on it. 

Question_17:

          So then I had just one last one I want to sneak in because I was in your store in Long Beach, which I thought was wonderful, that small Target. 

Question_18:

          How close are you from test to actually rolling out more of those? And then I'll yield. Thank you. 

Question_19:

          Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask about the second half of the year. You've already addressed this a little bit, and you've provided us a lot of evidence, I think, that points towards weather as a significant culprit in the volatility in the sales at the end of the first quarter and the start of the second quarter. 
But you also alluded, at some points, that maybe there's something else going on with the consumer. So I was wondering if you could just talk about what else might be negatively impacting the consumer -- or your consumer, that you're aware of. And do you have any data, for example, if you look by segment of consumer, income levels or REDcard usage, that would help you understand the trends to a greater extent? Thanks. 

Question_20:

          Made it in. Thank you. So, following up on that question, just that thread of questions, so outside of the Northeast and California, has it been more consistent? And then, related to that, as you think about the second-quarter guidance, are you basically extrapolating current trends which have been weather impacted? Or are you taking a directional view, either more conservatively expecting to pick up as the quarter progresses or in either direction? Thanks. 

