Question_1:
Thanks a lot. Good morning. My first and primary question relates to the, how much impact do you think the CVS pharmacy transition had on traffic? Did you see that dynamic deteriorate from the first quarter, and is there a way to quantify perhaps, how much you feel like the spillover effect from that would have impacted the overall comp?

Question_2:
Thank you for that. And by way of quick follow-up, a different topic.
You touched on Apple products down over 20%. We're obviously in the middle of a bit of a pause between the iPhone releases, leading up to one most likely later this year. Is the Apple softness at this point really an iPhone story, or is it a broader issue across the product suite?

Question_3:
Hi, thanks. Good morning.

Question_4:
How are you? My question is on the competitive environment. You talked about all of the different things you're working on with traffic, but is there anything out there that you're seeing, anything you could highlight in the major categories that's going on in the marketplace that might be affecting your -- either your traffic or customers attention, and how you're thinking about addressing that in the back half?

Question_5:
I guess, the follow-up to that would be, it's competitive as you say, it continues to be competitive. Is there any change in the balance of whether it's new products and merchandising, or pathways brought to market or pricing, any thing changing in the way the competitive environment looks for you to make above it?

Question_6:
Hi, we had a question regarding the dynamics you're seeing between fill in and stock up trips. How are you feeling about that in your research? And also as we look towards the back half and model our views on comp store sales, what would you prioritize as the biggest drivers to improve traffic, in terms of the different initiatives that you're pursuing in light of what you're seeing?
And just another question we had is, why do you think this happened in pharmacy, in terms of what was the consumer experiencing in your store that made the transition a little more disruptive than you would have wanted? Thank you.

Question_7:
Hi, good morning.

Question_8:
I think when you gave guidance for Q2 originally, it was because of some of the higher inventories that you flagged at other channels, especially with regards to apparel. So I was just wondering how much you think you're benefiting from some of the weakness that we have seen at the brick-and-mortar department stores, especially when considering your women's apparel comp was up mid single-digits during the quarter?

Question_9:
Good morning. I want to follow-up a bit on traffic, and then get into the guidance a bit. On traffic, if you think about it a different way, I think about a year ago, traffic had recovered nicely, to stay up 1%, and overall retail sales were growing roughly where they were, if you look at the government data.
And now the traffic is obviously down a couple percent. Do you see any differences, in terms of geographies or other things going on, the income demographics around your stores, where that traffic trend is different, just looking at the last 12 months?

Question_10:
That's helpful. And then Cathy, I think on the margins, just want to make sure I got the guidance right. If I take the midpoint, I get to the -- you mentioned the third quarter, flat EBIT margins, although I imagine ex the CVS sale, they would be down like 30 bps.

Question_11:
Is that right?

Question_12:
Got it -- but for the fourth quarter, does the guidance imply that EBIT margins will be flat?

Question_13:
Okay. Just want to make sure I've got that right.
And then, I guess last on that, just to make sure the inventory up 4%, do you guys think -- I mean, that you're comfortable with that number? It's not like part of the third quarter is working that inventory down?

Question_14:
Thanks. It's Dan Binder. I had a question on the consumer electronics category. You talked a lot about that today, and I've noticed in your stores recently you've had some reset activity, particularly in TV as you offer more 4K.
I am curious, as you work through these plans to improve that business, do you think that can be a category that returns to positive comps by holiday, given all the changes you're making?

Question_15:
And then, a follow up on the food category. You mentioned you were reevaluating promotion in, I guess, food and consumables.
I'm just curious, it sounds like you'll increase it. So I'm just curious, are you seeing others out there being more aggressive in the category, is that what you would attribute softness to? And if that is the case, where -- which channels are you seeing it in?

Question_16:
Well, congratulations on the LA25. It sounds like you're getting good results out of that.
I was just wondering if you could share with us, the likelihood of being able to roll that out? Is it a cost efficient format, or are you primarily using it just for learnings?

Question_17:
Yes, hey, I wanted to continue on the path where Dan was going. But before I got started I'd just say, in our store visits, you can definitely see the improving execution, so kudos to John in getting that done. But getting back to the food discussion, our research is showing some pretty aggressive moves and I think Dan was getting at this.
I mean, are you guys going to match what's going on in the market? And it looks like we're at the beginning end of a pretty aggressive price war. How do you see it? Where do we -- we're now seeing deflation reported by the government of [1.5%] -- [1.5%, 1.6%], and our pricing surveys are even greater than that. So where do you see this going?
What do you guys plan to do to combat it tactically in the short-term? And then, I wanted to address the longer term food business after that?

Question_18:
So Brian, thanks for that answer. So to dovetail more into the longer term, when you were at Safeway, you guys obviously did a lot of remodels and drove comp. LA25, it sounds like traffic positive there.
But in the article, I think it was in the Journal, they talked about the Board is very reluctant to put more capital behind the food effort. Talk us through this. I mean, you've got a traffic issue, consumables mean traffic. But if you want to invest, it's hard to get the traffic, so you're almost caught in a catch-22 here.
And I just want to get your outlook or your thoughts on what I'm saying, given the longer term need for traffic, and to drive traffic into the store, to make earnings rise continuously, as we look out into the out years?

Question_19:
Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. Brian, one of the questions I had was, you guys have made a lot of changes in the stores, and we clearly see them, and obviously we've talked all -- for the past hour about a lot of them.
I'm curious about the marketing or communication of that though, to the -- just the consumer. I mean, we see it, because we're all following the Company pretty aggressively and in the stores. But I wonder if there's more could be done on the advertising side, to tell people that you've made so many changes in grocery, or that the home department looks better in a lot of stores?
Or can you talk a little bit about that, and where we're at in terms of when we'll see something like that communication-wise?

