Question_1:

          I just had a couple of questions for you. On pricing throughout the quarter and into the holiday season, what are you seeing and what are you expecting in competition?
And you talk a little about your ongoing strength in toys. Can you just talk about the drivers to toys in the fourth quarter, and how you expect that to perform as a category?

Question_2:

          Great, Brian. Can I just ask one more follow-up? So when you look at the business over a longer period of time, this has historically been a relatively steady business.
I was just wondering when you look at the volatility between what you saw last quarter and your results, and your forecast for the fourth quarter, within three months, it's a dramatic change in the outlook. Can you just talk a little about exactly what factors are driving this?

Question_3:

          Good performance in controlling the controllable. Just kind of wanted to step back. We've got traffic that's negative, and trying to understand, as we get out to next year and the year beyond, where obviously you are doing a great job controlling SG&A costs, but it's very hard for a retailer like Target to run this balance with traffic down and sales flat, especially with wage costs rising as rapidly.
So Brian, if you could take us out and talk about the strategy to drive traffic, get the sales up. I think you threw the number out there, 3% comp growth 2017 and beyond. Just how do we get there?

Question_4:

          Perfect. And just as a follow-up to thinking about the 2017 and beyond. I know CVS was out, it was last week. They're losing a lot of scripts because of dynamics that are going on there.
Clearly you don't -- scripts don't matter anymore to you, but how about the traffic impact on Target as we get into 2017 and beyond? Have you thought about that, and what that could mean?

Question_5:

          I really wanted to follow up on grocery and food and the strategy there, and how we're going to use that to drive traffic. Also on traffic, an update on your digital initiatives. I know you were doing some tests of combining Cartwheel with REDcard. Just wanted to hear how those were going, and how you think those could help drive traffic into next year?

Question_6:

          First time caller, long time listener. Great quarter, fantastic. Our core question is, who else can win in urban environments?
I know you only have a few dots with the flexible formats, but we think you are pretty far ahead in terms of the knowledge, how to run mass merchants in urban stores. And mostly of your competitors are pharmacy stores who are good competitors, but boy, they need a whole lot of price to make it work. Do you see somebody else who is dangerous around the corner for taking this spot in cities, obviously besides Amazon going ever more urban?

Question_7:

          My question is focused on gross margin where you really turned the corner year-on-year when you back out the pharmacy business. You also spoke to the impact of mix. But can you talk about the impact that you're seeing from cost cuts at the point of purchase for you, and how deep we are into that effort, whether you expect that to be sustained going forward?

Question_8:

          Great to see the sequential improvement in trends. Question about some of the metrics within the comp.
Looking at the average unit retail up 3.5%, and units per transactions down, I noticed that has been the case for about 10 consecutive quarters now. So just curious if you could talk about what's driving the average unit retail up, and units per transaction down? Thank you.

Question_9:

          Is the e-commerce growth also a factor then? I would imagine that's more focused into the higher ticket categories.

Question_10:

          I want to think about the shift of the digital promotion in the second to the third quarter. How large of a contributor was that to your delta in comp performance in the third quarter versus second quarter? I ask this because if we look at these two quarters together, that's the low end of your 4Q guide.
And so as we look ahead, what are the big efforts or big drivers that you think drive the business to potentially the higher end of that range? Is it the focus on your customer tends to shop more around events? Is it the merchandising side?
What drives the higher end of the comp outlook for 4Q?

Question_11:

          And then just one quick follow-up question. Can you talk about how much -- I think CVS was 60 or 70 basis points to the gross margin in the third quarter.
You're going to start to lap that in the fourth quarter, it sounds like you're guiding to flat. Help us understand how that progresses out into the fourth quarter. Thanks very much.

Question_12:

          Congrats, Brian and team on great work in what's not been an easy environment.

Question_13:

          The question I had was just -- was actually, this might be more of a John Mulligan question. I was hoping, John, you could give a little more detail on what the opportunities are from here in terms of in-stocks, RFID, the stuff you're working on, and how that could support store comps as you -- in the fourth quarter and as you head into next year?

Question_14:

          You highlighted that back-to-school was strong for you and it seems that the consumers are shopping Target when there is an event, which could be good for holiday. I'm curious what you saw in the post back-to-school period, and just generally, when you look back over the last year or so, in between big events, whether it's Memorial Day event, or Father's Day event or such. And what you're seeing in those traffic trends between the big events.

Question_15:

          If I could just another question, the last quarter or two you've highlighted that the electronics business was I think about a 70 basis point hit to the comps. I was just curious if you could help us understand what that looked like in Q3.
On the scripts that you mentioned that are getting better, trend wise it sounds positive. But I was curious if you look at the script trends relative to what you were doing when you owned the pharmacy business, if there's some relevant measure could give us there, that would be helpful.

Question_16:

          Solid margin and inventory control. Just wanted to ask you about fill-in versus stock-up. It's likely related to the progress you made toward the value messaging. So just curious about how you're feeling about that dynamic?
And then I wanted you to try to brief us on the reality versus Amazon. The near term strategies, in terms of how you'll be competitively positioned versus Amazon in the holiday season, and then, as you look to bricks and clicks in the seamless experience over the longer term for long-term investors, what should the key factors be, as we engage in that share opportunity versus Amazon? Thank you.

