Question_1:

          Thanks, good morning. Chris Horvers, JPMorgan, and thanks for having the meeting. Trying to dig a little bit into the gross margin pressure, understand the first quarter you will have some pressure from markdowns and clearance. But then over the balance of the year, some channel shift pressure, as well as price investments.
Can you talk about the latter? What you're expecting in terms of gross margin pressure from the digital and pricing pressures? Will pricing largely be reset in 2017, and then we sort of neutralize from there? And is it your expectation that over time the supply chain improvements ultimately stabilize the gross margin, and is that an 2018 event? Thank you.

Question_2:

          Thanks, Brian. I think the key question is we all appreciate that you don't want to provide long-term guidance, but how long are you anticipating it's going to take for you see a return on all the investments that you're making? Is it reasonable to expect that you are going to return to earnings growth in 2018, 2019? When should we expect that?

Question_3:

          Craig Johnson at Customer Growth Partners. Brian, I understand the importance and the necessity that you've talked about doing here today. I want to look forward to how do you get back to growth. One pillar of growth, of course, is traffic growth, hallmark of all great retailers, is consistent traffic growth. And you showed to earlier in Costco and TJ Maxx and it applies to Wegman's and Home Depot. The question is, could you get more granular on how you can actually rebuild share-of-trip missions as a way of getting a share of traffic?

Question_4:

          Robby Ohmes at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. As a follow-up to that question, can we get you guys to talk a little bit more about more about category outlooks, so how you're thinking about price investments in terms of food and consumables versus apparel, electronics, et cetera?
And also for the new brands, maybe some what categories you are thinking about launching some of these 12 new brands? And then, just a quick for Cathy, I guess, I might have missed it and I didn't understand, are you -- you have been disciplined about store closings, but is there a change in your pace of store closings? Thanks.

Question_5:

          Hi, yes, Matt McClintock from Barclays. Clearly, the story today is about investment, right, you need to make substantial investments. And as I look back at the past two years, you've fallen shy of your capital plan by a significant amount. So as I look forward, one, can you help me understand where the shortfall to what the capital plan was this year?
Two, would you attribute some of the weakness today that you are seeing to some of the lack of investment, or shortfall, to your prior capital plans? And then, three, is the $2 billion enough for 2017 given that it falls to the low end of your prior long-term guide of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. Thanks.

Question_6:

          Peter Benedict of Robert Baird. I was hoping you could maybe speak in a little bit more detail about your view of grocery, that side of the store. How's that going to look in the reimagined store? And then, Cathy, maybe a little view as to how much it costs to do the remodels and how long it takes? Thanks.

Question_7:

          Joe Feldman, Telsey Advisory Group, way in the back, sorry. I wanted to follow up on that. Can you talk of little bit on the merchandising side areas of the store that maybe are expanding or contracting? And then a little more specifically about those dozen brands that you will be adding in. What categories with those be in and any preview can give us and how to think about that?

Question_8:

          Hi, thank you. Mark Miller with Crystal Rock Capital. You talked earlier about making price investments across essentials. I wanted to ask, what do you think is a risk that you've taken too much margin on exclusive items? UPT has come down but average ticket has gone up with price per item. I thought also it might be helpful if you could share market research on the customer's perception of value on exclusives now versus several years ago? Thanks.

Question_9:

          Hi, Kate McShane from Citi Investment Research. I have two unrelated questions today, one a short-term question, one a longer-term question. With regards to your guidance for the year, I'm wondering how much in terms of your competitor door closure are in your assumptions for guidance?
And, second, on the longer-term question for supply chain, just curious, it was a year ago that you walked us through some of the changes in your supply chain. And just wondering how much the game has changed since the last time we have heard about that strategy and how your approaching the last mile?

Question_10:

          Dan Binder with Jefferies. I had a few questions. First, there's been a few questions on food today, I am curious, as you think about the role of food, and at your competitors it's been used as a traffic driver. Today we're not really hearing that from you, we're hearing more about remodels and brands outside of food. Can you just talk a little bit about why you think food shouldn't be the traffic driver for you, why you shouldn't be reallocating space away from dying categories to expand the food assortment?
And my second question is, can you make money online longer term, and why doesn't a marketplace make sense for you, particularly as a source of fee income to offset maybe some of the pressure in your own business?

Question_11:

          Good morning, this is Bryan Cameron, Dodge & Cox. Thank you for your presentation this morning. With all the seismic shifts that are going on in retail, as you outlined, I'm guessing you've considered other strategic alternatives to the one you outlined this morning. What were some of those alternatives and why is the one you outlined you think the best for the Company going forward?

Question_12:

          Hi, it's Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. I had three questions and I will make them quick, into one. Cathy, does the guidance for this year assume that comps turn positive by the fourth quarter? Second is on CapEx, when we look at that $7 billion budget over the next three years, if you could break that down into existing stores, new stores, supply chain and give us some sense of where the money is actually going?
And then lastly, and maybe, I don't know who this is for, but for everyone, I guess, Brian, what will you be watching to know that this is working so that basically we want to double down or not, or the go the other way towards the end of the year? And specifically, there was an interesting comment, can't remember who made it, that our cheapest way to fulfill is through the store. I would love to just hear -- that sort of shocks me given what we're seeing Amazon do and others, so just why is that true for Target, and maybe not true for some of the others?

Question_13:

          Thank you very much. Oliver Chen, Cowen and Company. Had a question related to that topic of fill-in versus stock-up tactically in terms of what you're thinking about the future of fill-in and the opportunity there? And longer term, as you do your consumer insights on Millennials and Generation Z, what do you think the five-year story is for reimagining the store as you think about what the newest customers really want to see with disruption and transformation?
And finally, on the topic of big data and data sciences, how does that interplay with how we should think about the model over the longer term and what does that mean for what consumers want versus where you can deliver data science, whether it be supply chain, re-channel or predictive analytics, giving people something they don't even know they want? Thank you.

Question_14:

          Brandon Fletcher with Bernstein. We see your competitive advantage as assortment and service, so when you talk about new brands, we love it. When you talk about service online and integrated ordering, matching online, awesome. Doing the picking from DCs for each is genius and I think only you and the Home Depot are close there. The only place we get nervous is when you say things about price and convenience. I've sat across way from many CEOs who were desperately trying to drive traffic with price investments when they were not the low cost operator, and it just doesn't usually work.
And if you're seeing death in department stores and retailers and sub-scale groceries, where you guys are already way better on price, are you really sure you need to invest that heavily? And the, secondly, is, with the rollouts to new project touches in stores will folks with disconfirming evidence have as much access to leadership as those with confirming evidence? You guys have been extremely disciplined in the way you did LA25, but it's hard to get right. So those are our two questions. Thanks, guys.

Question_15:

          Thank you. Scott Mushkin from Wolfe Research. I wanted to ask a couple questions, one is just clarification, the cost of the remodels, I don't think we actually got that number, and I was wondering if we could get it? I was hoping for an update on store execution, specifically in-stock, I know that was a big focus?
And then the final question would be around price investments. You have two large competitors driving down price, most notably Walmart, but also Amazon is doing a lot of work with their Subscribe and Save and those prices are very low. What gives you the confidence that it's one and done here, as one of your largest competitors on a multi-year price lowering campaign? Thanks.

