Answer_1:

    Hi, Glenn.

Answer_2:

    So hey, Glenn. Just so that I can give you the underlying core growth number, for the Firm for the quarter was 4% year on year, even though obviously if you take into consideration the run-off portfolios in Mortgage and Card we were closer to flat.
In C&I, you're right. The industry was up slightly. We were not. It's a continuation of the things we've talked about, which is a combination of client selection, of being very disciplined on credit, so not chasing growth at the cost of liberal credit structures or overly aggressive pricing, and also the fact that we continued to see some of our criticized and classified loans be refinanced away from us.
So we're just going to hold the line on discipline. We are seeing the ongoing aggressive competitive environment on both credit terms and pricing, and we'll do every rational and sensible deal we can do, but we're not going to chase growth at the expense of discipline.

Answer_3:

    Yes, so a higher quality portfolio, higher quality clients.

Answer_4:

    So I think very broadly if you look at the numbers here we've pushed down our capital, leverage, SLR to all of the businesses so they're all making adjustments as appropriate. In the rates business in particular, you're seeing that there's very few what I call exotic rates products being done anymore, so that will be a rather large change. A lot of things going electronic, which can reduce your expenses too, so we're pretty comfortable our rates business will be normal profitability going forward. It may take a little bit of time.


    Glenn, I just want to make sure that it was clear in my remarks that the impact of the new proposal for leverage is included in the reported results.

Answer_5:

    A little bit, yes. But we all don't know what's going to happen to spreads going forward, so we're comfortable, we want to stay in the business, do a good job at it for our clients.

Answer_6:

    So with LCR, whether you take the Basel or the US proposals, we're compliant at this point with the margin, and importantly we're also compliant with our own internal stress framework. So we feel good about LCR, we're continuing to manage it as you would expect.
Yes, I am expecting us to get long-term debt rules this year, but I don't know when and I can't control it; we feel with over 19% available resources that we're in a good starting position, and so we're not really going to be in the business of guessing where that ends up. And we'll adjust accordingly if it's different from our expectations.


    Thank you.

Answer_7:

    So given that we did some restructuring of Bank level capital including some downstreaming, that was a fairly sizeable increase in the quarter, so you're not going to see progress be linear, but there are a number of different levers that we have in our toolkit so to speak to get to 6% over time, whether that's this year or whether that's into next year, we're going to be measured about the progress. So whether that's retaining earnings, potentially additional capital, we've been actioning leverage actions, both deposits as well as derivatives actions.
And then ultimately there's also the [good guide] when it comes, timing dependent that may be a 2015 thing of hopefully moving from CEM to the newly named FACCR calculations for derivatives central future exposure. We did take a look at the information on FACCR and it hasn't changed our point of view that we would expect that to have a favorable impact for the Bank of 40 basis points plus or minus. So when that comes that will be a nice boost, but through retaining earnings and the leverage actions we have and potentially more capital optimization, we have a clear path to 6%, whether it's this year or early into 2015.

Answer_8:

    Yes, I would say it's fair to assume that our core margin should be relatively stable throughout the year, and I think plus or minus 2 basis points on a large balance sheet like ours with mix changes is relatively stable. So our expectation is for core NIM to be relatively stable in 2014, to be stable to slightly positive in 2015, assuming that the implied rate curve plays out the way it is.

Answer_9:

    So it's a combination of factors and we are seeing delinquency trends and roll rate charge-offs flatten out. We knew that it would happen one day. That's what we're seeing at the moment. We'll continue to update you through the course of the year; based upon that we're not expecting anymore results. In addition, you should know that -- you saw our outstandings were flat, and underneath that our core portfolio is growing; we still do believe we are at that inflection point and that we should see some growth, but it will be relatively modest.


    Thank you, Erika.

Answer_10:

    Good morning.

Answer_11:

    So you're talking about interchange fees in Card?

Answer_12:

    Yes, so the sales volume obviously seasonally goes down quarter over quarter. I don't think that we have perceived there's been a significant impact from weather on Card sales in the first quarter; for us our sales were up 10% year on year, so pretty strong. No, I wouldn't attribute anything to the weather.

Answer_13:

    Yes, so you saw -- obviously you saw in the first quarter that on the back of lower revenues in the markets business, we have lower compensation as an absolute matter albeit that the ratio is relatively in line.
So you're absolutely right depending upon how the rest of the year pans out will determine whether the compensation expenses inherent in our outlook for CIB are up or down or flat, and that will adjust our ending result. We're not ready yet to declare our position on the whole year, so less than $59 billion is still our guidance but we intend to be very, very disciplined.

Answer_14:

    Yes, so on the timing, I mentioned the fact that we aren't expecting our capital accretion to 10% plus to be linear, we're expecting it to be much more in the second half of the year, flatter in the first half, so it's reasonable to expect that we will be covering employee issuance plus or minus in the first half of the year with most of our repurchase capacity being available for us in the second half.
As to how much of it we'll use will be dependent on a number of factors including obviously our share price at the time. But we do intend to take advantage of the opportunity that we have been given to buy back, and we'll see what the absolute level is when we get there.

Answer_15:

    That's absolutely right, so when we declared at Investor Day that we had increased the target rate for that business, we pushed that down into the valuation of the asset one-time.

Answer_16:

    So it's three things. There's a little bit of timing in there insofar as we did make continued improvement in expenses and we're going to continue to work on what we would characterize as the sort of fixed cost base. It's definitely the case that we are building this business for the long run, and so we continue to invest in technology and operations to make us more profitable and efficient through the cycle. But it is also the case that it is an incredibly small market. I mean, the market size was sub $250 billion, so annualized sub $1 trillion, which is not something we've seen since before 2000.
So the reality is in a market that size, it's very hard to have strong profitability or profitability when you have to have a core level of fixed expenses, and so we're thinking about this business over the longer run to be as efficient and profitable as possible through the cycle in markets that are on average bigger than this.

Answer_17:

    So yes, I would say lower issuance was a factor but there were very many, so I wouldn't say that it was a single driving factor, lower mortgage issuance, lower debt issuance, a whole bunch of different things. And then as to catalysts, more volatility, more growth, and we'll just have to wait and see.

Answer_18:

    I think John we've always been very consistent on this kind of thing. You guys have got to make your own estimates because they are just as good as ours. Great business with great people, technology, sales, research, but we can't predict it going forward. It will be what it is.


    Similar to the mortgage comment where it's a long-term view, it affects the business and this is one quarter.

Answer_19:

    Yes, we've accounted for it held for sale and no significant impacts to the results.

Answer_20:

    So we obviously looked at the bid and the valuation and any of the difference versus book is in our P&L and it's insignificant, and we are engaged in ongoing relationship with the buyer, and we'll realize [that over] time. But it's not expected to be anything significant.

Answer_21:

    Yes, correct.

Answer_22:

    No, it's fully phased in, it's our best effort of fully phased in, Betsy.

Answer_23:

    Correct, but remember that with the exception of the fact that we aren't baking in things that are not yet certain, so we haven't baked in the benefit that we would expect, for example, from FACCR, because it hasn't yet been acknowledged.

Answer_24:

    The sensitivity is different at the Bank and the Holding Company, so it's more like 30 plus or minus at the Holding Company, 40 plus or minus at the Bank.

Answer_25:

    With respect to the headcount reduction in the first quarter, the severance wasn't significant and the benefit is largely in. Remember we said that overall the Firm is expecting to see headcount go down by about 5,000 for the full year and it's down only by 2,000, so far so we have another way to go.

Answer_26:

    Well so if you think about it gross, mortgage was 6,000 of the total gross and it's 3,000 in, so another 3,000 to go I would say in the nearer not longer term. And in the Consumer Bank that was 2,000, with 1,500 in, the remainder will just happen through time.

Answer_27:

    Hi.

Answer_28:

    Yes, I'll give you the sort of very short qualitative answer, and then if you want to really dig in, I'd do it off line with Investor Relations. But the very short answer is there's an additional ability to recognize collateral and [netting], that wasn't in the original CEM calculation, there's lots and lots of other complexity to it. We are doing our best to estimate it. We haven't fully built the models to do it, so we're continuing to work on that, but if you want to get into a very technical discussion on it we can arrange that for you.

Answer_29:

    Okay, so a couple of things. First is that if you remember from Investor Day, notwithstanding the earlier comment about the volatility potentially in compensation in the Markets businesses, we said we would be below $59 billion, and there were four principal things driving that. So in our favor we have efficiencies in branches, efficiencies in CIB, and mainly mortgage down about $1.5 billion year over year. And against us we had the $1 billion incremental cost of control and some growth principally in asset management, so the net of all of those meant that we were effectively self-funding through efficiency and reduced mortgage expenses, the incremental cost and controls that you're seeing come through.
It isn't the case that we have broken out as a macro matter how much of that $1 billion is in our run rate now, and maybe we'll do that for you next quarter. I would say that we are adding heads and so these things do take some time; even though I believe that there will be a chunk of it in our run rate through the middle of the year, it's not all in our run rate yet.

Answer_30:

    Well I'll have to confirm to you next quarter, but I would say that we would have a majority of it in through the midyear because we are obviously trying to hire up to be able to execute on the agenda. So if you think about the impact we're trying to add people to compliance, we are adding people to compliance, to legal, to audit, to finance, to risk, and we're doing that largely in the first half of the year, but there will be a tail.

Answer_31:

    Yes, so I mean, it's very -- as you know it's very, very difficult to decouple everything but and so it's not clear that there's no impact, but it's not our sense that it was a significant driver of the performance in the quarter, and there is a limited amount of volume on SEF right now, albeit increasing, and there's been margin compression, but from tight margins to start with. So it's not our sense that it was a significant driver, not to say that there was no impact.


    So it did come down a little bit but it's kind of back to where it was, the derivative trading, and we wouldn't blame that for anything.

Answer_32:

    That's right. So I mean again, not to say there hasn't been any but the volumes are relatively low, the margins are relatively tight, the $1 billion we talked about which is by the way our best estimate, so it could be better than that, is something that would progress through time, it's not going to be a cliff.

Answer_33:

    Thank you.

Answer_34:

    So the best guidance that I could give you is the guidance that we gave at Investor Day, which is expect the Firm-wide charge-offs to be at around $5 billion plus or minus, and then I would point you to the guidance we just gave you on reserve releases, which is expect some more in mortgage but modest, expect we might have some in PCI but it's too early to know, and that little more in Card, so net those two down.


    And there may be some noise to that, but that's our current best outlook.

Answer_35:

    Yes, largely speaking. That seems about right, 10%, yes.

Answer_36:

    So our production revenues this quarter, just to make sure we're talking about the same thing, was just about $300 million. I told you that we're expecting the second quarter to be negative, you're going to have higher revenues because seasonally you have higher volumes, but obviously it's market dependent.
So I would say given seasonality, the first quarter was small and volumes were depressed given the weather, we would be hopeful that the market would be above $1 trillion for the full year, maybe not quite as high as $1.2 trillion, so if you add seasonality back in and gross up the number, you could probably get quite close. But of course it could all change depending upon rates in the market.


    The current outlook for the market size was about $1.2 trillion. I suspect that will be revised down slightly on the back of the first quarter, so we're going to have a small market. It won't be absolutely linear.

Answer_37:

    Year-over-year revenues for asset management, institutional, no specific. We had some -- March was not strong, the first quarter for institutional was not as strong as the other segments, so no specific issues but there's some lumpiness there obviously.

Answer_38:

    Yes, the securities, that line item is a funky feature of the fact that in our prime services business, when we -- our contractual income is LIBOR minus the spread which drives that to be a negative number; I wouldn't read too much into the trend and volatility there. The absolute economics of the business is still positive and the offset is in trading liability, so that's not a line item in its own right and alone that is very constructive.

Answer_39:

    Reserve releases.

Answer_40:

    And then we don't drill into every $50 million negative non-recurring item but there was some of them too.

Answer_41:

    No, it's not far off the 30% plus or minus, which is our generally expected effective tax rate. Nothing else of any noteworthiness. I mean obviously it's always going to be impacted by the absolute level of pretax, the percentage of overseas income, the percentage of tax efficient income, but nothing special.

Answer_42:

    We haven't really changed our guidance, to be fair our guidance was always to be negative for the year. We're just trying to be very specific about the degree of negative in the second quarter to make sure you have information for your models.


    Thank you.

Answer_43:

    So obviously the timing of sales is going to be a little bit opportunistic, so the best comment I can make is that $600 million number is two, three years away from now, not necessarily but we'll try and manage it the best way we can.
And then with respect to the ability to sell sub service, there is still the opportunity to do it. It's just not necessarily the case that you can defease your risk entirely, which I think is understood.

Answer_44:

    Well I mean, insofar as I think that as we move loans to sub services, obviously we retain the risks and have to have third-party oversight. To the degree we sell them, I think the regulators are potentially looking at originators to continue to bear some of the origination and other risks.


    We're going to run the MSR for returns and quality, so it's also a question of what you put into it so you should probably expect to see less FHA and things like that, and then you'll see some run-off over time.

Answer_45:

    It's almost impossible to tell, but there are -- if you're jumbo you can get loans, if you are GSE you can get loans, but almost all the other stuff in between, anything with any hair on it like if you ever had a credit problem, if you are earning self-reported income, so a lot of people have overlay, they're being tougher than is required by FHA, GSE, or their own rules because of reps and warranties, et cetera.
And I don't know when that's going to go away. It's not getting worse. It's just sitting there and probably holding back a little bit the purchase market.


    Think about the credit is available across the LTV spectrum, but the bar to be able to document income and prove ability to repay under QM is high.

Answer_46:

    Good morning.

Answer_47:

    So the models that were disapproved we understood that we were going to have certain of our models that needed additional work to be acceptable by the regulators of Basel III when we gave the guidance at Investor Day, so as a large matter as we sit here today, that's still our best understanding of how things will work out absent there being any new news or issues during the year.


    It's a timing difference as opposed to a target difference.


    Yes, the whole industry submitted a huge number of models under Basel 2.5 to the regulators to review at the beginning of 2013. We had an approval to use them for the year while they were being reviewed and pending after the review; we got some feedback and we're going to remediate the models and resubmit them for approval. So it will take us time but it is timing.

Answer_48:

    Just assume it's going to be fairly constant.


    When we know what the real rules are we may modify that.


    That's right. We're not managing to an OLA that we don't know yet.

Answer_49:

    Well we told you we are firmly supportive of having proper and good markets for everybody, and we think we have pretty good policies and protocols in place. But I don't know what it will do to other -- there are issues in market structures with some pools et cetera, but we just have to let that review take place. I should point out in Michael Lewis' book which I did not read on page 231, they refer to us as one of the good guys.


    Thank you.

Answer_50:

    So a couple of things. As you know, we have been investing and building our branch to the place it is now where we're happy with the distribution capability we have, so that was driving a lot of the investment. In 2014 we continue to invest in [quarterly] and digital and the cost to serve and efficiency so that we can drive the ratios down.
We guided at Investor Day to expect expenses in the business to be up 1%, so a little but not the kind of increase that we've been seeing after which you should expect it to start to come down. And we said that the overall CCB business including mortgage would be down $2 billion by 2016 over 2014, and a chunk of that is in CBD.
So we are very focused on it and investing in fact in the technology and processes to be able to be efficient; we started to see the increased turn as we stopped having to invest in branches because we're happy with the distribution and it will start to come down next year.

Answer_51:

    So everything that I talked about in terms of expenses going down is all on a dollar basis, not an efficiency ratio basis, so we're absolutely expecting dollars to come down after 2014 in the business.
With respect to the new branches, I mean we said like there's a third of our branches that are less than 10 years old, and about 11% less than 3 years old, so we have a lot of branches in the deposit gathering phase. And deposit margins are relatively flat, so at the moment we've reached the point where volume is out, is providing support to NII, but not strong growth until we start to see rates continue to rise and be able to reinvest up the curve as deposits investments mature.


    The underlying numbers are terrific, customer satisfaction, deposits, households, mobile, Chase Wealth Management, small business, et cetera, but they are being squeezed by NII and interest rates and we've always told you we're going to build for the long run, which is that will recover one day and you will see spreads go up in this business. And when that happens it happens, but we're not going to not grow deposits because of that. And that will also affect obviously efficiency ratio.

Answer_52:

    Yes, so as much as I would love to be able to take a quarter that looks like this and say we could expect more of the same, the reality is we still have issues open in front of us. We still have large reserves and we still are working through them. So we've been clear that while we can't predict legal expenses, we do expect them to be lumpy, and for every zero or close to zero quarter, we could have a quarter that has several hundred millions of dollars or more, albeit that it should trend down and abate to something much lower over time.
So I don't think you can read into it that we're done, we're still working through issues, we're obviously glad to have some of them behind us and some of the bigger and most difficult ones.

Answer_53:

    No. If you look at the customer flows, in every single business they are very good, and customer sat scores are up, investments are up, assets under management are up, market shares are up, credit card, consumer, deposits, that's all very good. So I would completely separate out this litigation stuff, and Marianne, you all have averaged your own estimates for litigation I think are $500 million a quarter.


    By our quarterly models, it's about $500 million a quarter, yes.


    So make believe, I'm going to use your number, nobody else's, it's not going to be $500 million consistent. It's going to be zero, something else, zero to $50 million, that's what it is until it goes away. It's not going to affect the underlying business. And as you know we're also going to have one-time benefits from stuff we don't anticipate too.

Answer_54:

    We're growing share so--


    Clients go with their feet and they seem to be coming to our branches and our bankers.


    Thank you.

Answer_55:

    So it's a little bit of we don't know where capital markets revenues will go obviously, and if they stay low or we expect to pass that down to the bottom line, it's also a little bit of there are sometimes positive and sometimes negative surprises and issues in expenses at this time every quarter, so there's a little bit of cautiousness in there. We're going to obviously do everything we can to outperform that.

Answer_56:

    So most of the improvement in this quarter was associated with the ability for us to net variation margin on derivatives across currencies as allowed by contracts rather than having to only net in the currency of the underlying transaction. So that was obviously sensible that you should be allowed to net margin across allowable currencies, but that was not the provision of the Basel committee; the US proposal changed that and that's favorable. That's driving most of it, there were other things up, down, complicated technical things, but not big numbers.

Answer_57:

    That's correct but I'm not expecting that in the very near future.

Answer_58:

    We're going to have to get back to you.


    Chris I'll get back to you. I apologize. We'll get back to you.


    Probably has to do with [awards], but we'll get back to you.

Answer_59:

    So there are certain things which are secular. People who have gotten out of it -- I'm not talking about us per se, but people have gotten out of reduced dramatically credit hybrids, certain exotic derivatives et cetera, and I think there may be additional secular change. But it's not the whole business, so the way I look at the whole business is we have 120 trading desks around the world, we have 16,000 clients.
And if you look at the fuel of the business, the fuel of the business is investable assets in need of people to invest those, whether it's corporations, individual, et cetera. Those numbers will double over 10 years, they're going to triple in the emerging and developing markets. And spreads themselves have been coming down fairly consistently for 20 years, and that's called capitalism, that you're efficiently using capital.
So I look at it as a long-term business, it will be a good business, shares are going to change, there will be a whole bunch of adjustments. And as you know, it can change on a dime, and so we're not, I don't look at the $5 billion in markets revenue and cry in my soup. I think it's pretty good business, and we have had very consistent performance. Remember it's driven by technology, research, sales, ideas, of course border flows, and last year we didn't even have one trading day loss, which I consider really spectacular.
So it's a good business. It will grow over time and it will have some secular adjustments. And I don't know about your numbers being right, the 13 of 17 quarters. And I also wouldn't go back and look at the peak, the really peak markets of 2007 or something and I think you had some of that in 2009 and say that was a standard. I think that was a little high. Higher than normal.

Answer_60:

    I have an answer to your other question, I apologize for not having it off the top of my head. In the first quarter of last year, in non-interest revenue in Card we had a one-time exit of a non-core product. So I think if you go back and dig out that transcript or have a look at the supplement there, there was actually a one-time item, so if we adjust for that, we would have been up more strongly.


    I might mention on the credit card business we have beta tests going of our Chase net and you're not going to see it in the numbers this year, but we think it's a pretty exciting thing that we can do for merchants and customers over time.

