Question_1:

    Hello there.

Question_2:

    Hello. Maybe with avoiding too much of the details, stay at the high level and talk about no loan growth on a year on year basis. I know there's a bunch of mix in there, and I guess I'm particularly interested in the C&I bucket, because that's the one area where we do see some growth in the industry. So A, there's a little bit of verbiage in your text on how you define C&I loan growth in the Corporate bucket, and B, are there areas where you just think pricing is getting a little high and you're purposely avoiding that growth?

Question_3:

    I appreciate that. And then obviously over time we'll see that in both a steadier to up NIM and good delinquency trends I guess.

Question_4:

    Okay. On the SLR that just came out you gave us the expected impacts so I appreciate that. In Jamie's annual letter I think you said quote, we began to make significant changes to the rates business and expect to maintain decent profitability. Could you talk about what you've done in rates, how much through those changes we've seen and then what to expect on the other side?

Question_5:

    Yes, very clear, and normal profitability might mean lower revenues but normal profitability, right, as things change in that business?

Question_6:

    Okay, last one. Marianne, I guess next on the hit parade is final rules on LCR and OLA. Do you feel that's coming this year, and do you expect -- how do you feel you're positioned for that?

Question_7:

    Good morning, so Marianne thank you for walking us through the progress on the leverage ratio. I'm just wondering should we expect on the Bank level that you'd be compliant to 6% at some point this year, or was the quarterly progress this quarter or last quarter rather unusual?

Question_8:

    Okay. And just a second question, given you're already compliant in the LCR, is it fair for us to assume that your core margin should continue to improve throughout the year at this measured pace?

Question_9:

    Okay. And just last one for me, in terms of your comments on card provision, help us think about sort of the balance in terms of the catalyst for your guidance. Should we start to expect balance growth to come back or is this more of a comment that charge-offs are as low as they will go and should normalize here?

Question_10:

    Good morning.

Question_11:

    If we look at the traditional bank fees even outside of mortgage, they're a bit weaker year over year than I think most might have been expecting, and I'm looking at like the card fees, service charges. Do you think that's all weather related or just weaker macro backdrop than maybe we were looking for?

Question_12:

    Just the overall credit card fee line that you give us that obviously would include the interchange, but probably some other things as well.

Question_13:

    Okay. And then just separately, the expense guidance for this year I think is unchanged even though revenue's coming in a little bit weaker than expected. I realize it's just the first quarter and things could change, but is there opportunity to adjust the expense base a bit more if revenue is light?

Question_14:

    All right. And then just lastly on the buybacks, net of issuance being approved for greater than $5 billion, any comments just on the timing or the likelihood of all that being used this year?

Question_15:

    Hi, Marianne. In the mortgage area, the $400 million hit to the MSR risk management results, just to clarify that was a one-time hit related to your Corporate reallocation of capital that you did earlier this year?

Question_16:

    Okay. And again, the reasons for the negative profit margin we're seeing on the origination side, is it just the timing of getting expenses adjusted to a new base originations, and it takes -- there's a lag, or is there also some investment expenses that you're running through there that are also hurting your mortgage profitability?

Question_17:

    Okay. And then on the markets activity in the Investment Bank, I guess a bit disappointing that activity levels didn't pick up in March where it seemed like overall rate volatility picked up as people put different takes on the Fed statements. Do you attribute some of the weakness to the lower issuance compared to last year, which seems like that could continue, and what do you think is needed to stimulate better activity, particularly in FICC this year?

Question_18:

    And any sense of what kind of year you're planning for there, or is it really just a wait and see how the environment unfolds and you react as it occurs?

Question_19:

    Got it. Any impacts on the commodities sale that's planned? Did you move that to discontinued ops or did that have any impact on the market, the metrics this quarter, Marianne?

Question_20:

    Hey, good morning. A couple of follow-ups. One on the commodities business that you are in the process of selling. Can you give a sense as to what the impact is likely to be post sale?

Question_21:

    Okay, and then just a couple of clarifications. On OLA you mentioned 19% available resources. I assume that's against RWA, but I just wanted to clarify.

Question_22:

    Okay. And then on SLR, on page 3, you show us the ratios. I just wanted to confirm, the Basel III line says that it's on a fully phased in basis, but we don't see fully phased in on SLR. Does that imply it's transitional?

Question_23:

    On the SLR as well right?

Question_24:

    And that 40 basis point benefit there is both for the Bank level and the Hold Co level.

Question_25:

    Okay, great. Lastly on expenses you highlighted throughout all the areas where you had the headcount reduction. Could you just give us a sense as to whether or not the benefit to the expense dollars is fully in the first quarter, or was there a negative from things like severance that then the benefit to the expense dollars comes in Q2 and beyond?

Question_26:

    And the pace of that 3,000 from here is ratable or front-end loaded?

Question_27:

    Good morning.

Question_28:

    Just wanted to follow-up on the FACCR. Thanks for the guidance on the potential benefit. Can you give us a sense of what specifically is driving that to be beneficial? I've gone through the BIS release, but frankly, without understanding what the underlying is, it's really difficult to understand why it's a benefit. Just maybe you can help us qualitatively understand it.

Question_29:

    Okay, I'll probably follow-up but that's helpful, thanks. You mentioned a number of times as you went through and we could see it in the slides that a lot of the expense impacts to the extent that expenses were problematic relative to year ago, a lot of it was because of the control agenda, which obviously we appreciated and you have spoken to.
But can we step back and talk about in a holistic Firm-wide way where are we with implementing that, how much more impact do we expect to see, at what point do we kind of lap on that?

Question_30:

    That's it, so if I could interpret that that means after midyear we should have sort of fully lapped, is that what you're saying?

Question_31:

    Okay, that's also really helpful. In terms of FICC and the weakness that we saw, can you comment at all and if it's possible even to quantify a little bit what the impact was of some of the adoption of SEF mandates during the quarter? We could certainly see that SEF volumes themselves seem to get disrupted at certain points in the quarter when new mandates went into play, but just if you think about the impact of that regulatory change on the OTC derivatives markets, it would be really helpful to understand how much of the impact was just regulatory change.

Question_32:

    So if one were to think that there were going to be spread compression over time as a result of some of these things that might still lie in the future, that's to your $1 billion plus or minus revenue impact that you've talked about?

Question_33:

    Great, that's all very helpful. I appreciate you taking my questions.

Question_34:

    Thank you. Good morning. Can you guys share with us on your loan loss provision this quarter, obviously last year the provision was greatly affected by loan loss reserve releases. Should we anticipate the provision reaching your net charge-off levels for this year to match them out?

Question_35:

    Okay, speaking of the PCI loans, they're down year over year about 10% to 12%. Should we expect that type of run rate throughout the year as that portfolio continues to shrink?

Question_36:

    Okay. You talked about in the mortgage business you're changing the way you're approaching it, and the revenue run rate you had this quarter of about $160 million, can you size for us where you think kind of the new approach that you're having with mortgages, what kind of revenues we might anticipate? Because I'm assuming this was unusually low, this quarter's number?

Question_37:

    Okay. In the institutional asset management business, you pointed out the decline sequentially in the revenues because of some of the one-time items in the fourth quarter. On the year-over-year declines, even though the inflows were up, any comments on the revenues for the institutional revenue part of that business?

Question_38:

    Okay, And then finally, it may just be market conditions or maybe something you can do, when you look at your net interest margin and you look at the interest earning asset yields, the securities borrowed number was a negative 30 basis points, it's been trending more negative each quarter. It was minus 2 basis points a year ago. Can you point to anything you could do to try to reverse that?

Question_39:

    Thanks. I had a few questions. You had no significant items that you called to our attention, but then you said there were a few sort of non-core items and they broadly offset. And just as I'm looking at my notes I see there's like a $400 million negative in MSR, there's a $90 million in tax, there's $200 million of DVA/FVA, all negative, and then there's $400 million of private equity gains, but I guess I'm missing another sort of $300 million of positive. I just was wondering if you could kind of call out what that would be?

Question_40:

    Oh, okay, the reserve releases. All right, understood.

Question_41:

    Okay, that's fine. And then just on the tax rate, obviously I'd strip out the $90 million but it still feels like a high tax rate. Is there anything funny going on there?

Question_42:

    Okay. And then the guidance on Mortgage Production that sort of pushed out the losses and we've talked about it a lot, but just so I'm clear the change in your guidance there is just essentially a change in your market expectations, the $1.2 trillion coming to a lower number, that's the only real change you've got there?

Question_43:

    Yes, thank you very much. You guys mentioned I believe in a report or in comments that you want to get your servicing portfolio down from $800 billion to $600 billion on loans there, I guess just natural decay and selling MSRs. When do you think the timing of those sales of the MSRs, and do you think that -- a lot of people feel that you cannot transfer any MSRs anymore due to some of the headline risk. Can you add some color to that also?

Question_44:

    Can you add more color, you can't get rid of the risk? Can you add more color around that?

Question_45:

    And then Jamie, on the credit boxes not really expanding, what do you think, what kind of impact do you think that's having on the overall mortgage market, especially the purchase market, as we're seeing almost 14 year lows on the origination side?

Question_46:

    Hi, good morning.

Question_47:

    You had alluded to some of the drivers of the RWA growth earlier, and I was just hoping you could frame that in the context of your $40 billion targeted RWA decline from Investor Day, and whether that's potentially at risk or is the $1.55 trillion RWA level still achievable?

Question_48:

    Okay, understood. And then transitioning to OLA for a second. Long-term debt outstanding did increase modestly about 2% in the quarter. I just wanted to confirm how we should be thinking about issuance plans over the course of the year. Are you managing it to a 19% bail in buffer, so we saw the modest increase in RWA and then saw a commensurate increase in long-term debt, or should we be thinking about it entirely differently?

Question_49:

    Okay, fair enough. And then last one for me. The high frequency trading review and potential market structure overhaul continues to be an area of increasing focus, and I was hoping you could speak to the equities business and whether the anticipated SEC review and potential broader equity market structure reform will compel any adjustments? And how you're thinking about that at this juncture?

Question_50:

    Hi good morning. A couple left for me. One, looking at Consumer and Business Banking such that it is a deposits business, the overhead and the efficiency ratio there has really trended up for a few years straight. I know there's been some investment as well, but how should we think of that going from kind of the 70% plus it's been now back to some kind of the mid 60 like it historically was?

Question_51:

    So that is getting better to some extent as expenses going down, to what extent is revenues getting better? Does the WaMu footprint factor into that, or are we waiting for interest rate help?

Question_52:

    Okay. And on the litigation side, nice to have a quarter where there aren't big charges, who knows what the market does, but in theory that's a good thing for the share price. Is there the potential for that to be a good thing for the underlying businesses too? Have all the headline risks been a negative on some of the business lines from a consumer customer perspective?

Question_53:

    To the extent you're not looking hopefully at multi billion dollar quarterly settlements anymore, does that help on the volume side of the businesses? Did that have a negative impact on kind of customer interactions with you?

Question_54:

    So you haven't noticed kind of a negative reputational impact with customers? It's been okay obviously, looking at the volumes I guess it must be okay.

Question_55:

    Hi, good morning. Two follow-ups. First on the expense side, I think if you look at the run rate this quarter you had around $58.4 billion, and so well below; if you analyze that then your $59 billion target and seasonally this would be the higher expense quarter given capital markets revenue. Is there something we should be thinking about in the out quarters, whether it's higher regulatory compliance spending, marketing spending, or is this just some conservative because we don't know where capital markets revenues go?

Question_56:

    Okay, fair enough. And maybe a quick question back on the SLR. You guys I think last quarter before the changes by Basel noted that the Basel committee's calculation would be a net drag of 10 basis points, this quarter it's 15 to 20 basis points benefit, right? Is that simply the changing in the credit conversion factors on the off-balance sheet credit lines, or is there anything else driving that improvement this quarter?

Question_57:

    Okay. And that doesn't include the benefit of moving to say the non-internal model methodology, which would be another 40 basis points?

Question_58:

    Yes, good morning. As you mentioned I'm looking at page 17 of your supplement on the credit card business, and as you mentioned all the volume metrics all look great. Sales volume up 10% and merchant processing up 11%, but then when you look at the fees, it's down 4%. And I would have thought we kind of anniversaried all of the regulatory changes and so on, so I guess a big question for me is in this business in particular, why aren't the favorable volume metrics translating into revenues?

Question_59:

    Okay. And then just secondly on the broader philosophical level, Jamie, a couple years ago at Investor Day, you rhetorically asked a question about capital markets income, is it cyclical or is it secular, and you said believe me it's cyclical.
And now, you look industry wide by my numbers, we're down on a year-over-year basis 13 out of the last 17 quarters, and it's sure as heck feeling secular. And I'm curious, one, have you adjusted your point of view? Two, do you think there is some irreducible level of transaction volume business for the industry? And three, how do we gauge how far we are on that glide path from where we used to be to where we stabilize?

Question_60:

    Well my numbers were industry from 2009 on, or 2010 on, so but anyway, but thanks. It's probably an unanswerable question.

