Answer_1:

          So you got cut off at the beginning but you are asking for our earnings at risk on 100 basis point shift?


          Within the first quarter, we haven't disclosed it yet for the second quarter but it wouldn't be meaningfully different. In the first quarter, it was $2.5 billion.

Answer_2:

          So I mean obviously earnings at risk is a representation -- it is an instantaneous parallel shift. If you look actually at our disclosures you can also see what a steepener looks like. So the way I would characterize the way to think about the impact of our asset sensitivity and interest rates rising is the way we described it both at Investor Day and at the Morgan Stanley conference which is when rates rise whenever that starts which may be in the second half of 2015 at the short end and the long end continues that over time that will deliver $8 billion to $10 billion of NII to the firm. But clearly the path to get there will be rate dependent and timing.

Answer_3:

          This is Jamie. I think on the funding side, we said we have met pretty much LCR and [SFS] and we think will be the [GLAC] or least we are very close to it. That is all embedded in interest-rate exposure which Marianne gave you and that is our base case. Obviously if the world changes, we may change how we go about and do that. But I think it is a very good base case to look at. We don't have any need to change it dramatically.
I think you will all have to be prepared for the reason that rates raise -- obviously will change why people act a certain way.

Answer_4:

          I think we have to wait and see. I mean remember the United States has already gone beyond most other countries and they may just be referring to that that they intend to keep that or how they modify that.


          The way that we think about it, obviously we don't know how things may change in the future but between (inaudible), the buffers that we and other institutions are going to run above that with LCR and SFR, our own internal liquidity framework with capital stress pump testing under CCAR under extremely severe conditions, it feels like we have a box around this and so we are planning to run the firm based upon what we know today with an eye on obviously listening to all of the things you hear.


          Thank you very much.

Answer_5:

          Thank you.

Answer_6:

          So keep in mind if the Fed, whether they use repo or just sell securities, that will reduce deposits, so factor with it, absolute formula. The question is whose deposits and what kind of deposits and when they might do something like that. I assume they will be fairly careful.
I think what we simply were saying is that some of the deposits will come out of -- nonoperating wholesale deposits already have (inaudible). Some won't. Some will come out of retail, and just people need to be prepared for. I wouldn't put it in the earth-shattering category. Just people need to be prepared and be very thoughtful about how they go about that.

Answer_7:

          I think we are very comfortable with where we are.


          Remember, we are running -- LCR is an important measure. It is a regulatory measure. We are measuring it, we are reporting it, but we run the firm based upon our own internal liquidity check framework and what comes with that.

Answer_8:

          Really what I would point you to is the discussions that we had largely at Investor Day which was to say that we continue to expect the mortgage expense story to play out over the course of the next few years which will be obviously a tailwind for us on expenses both in servicing but more particularly in production. So that is obviously a focus in 2015 and beyond.
We also are expecting to start on a journey to delivering. You saw our CBB expenses, cost of control investment are moderating and Gordon outlined at Investor Day that the CBB business 2014 through 2016 as a relative matter would deliver approximately $1 billion of expense efficiency but the profile of that we haven't been through. And then Daniel is working through, as are all of the other CEOs, the expense story in the CIB and being as diligent as you would expect him to be given the environment. But one of our positions has always been that we are running this business for the longer term and we are going to be smart about the actions we take on expenses in order to make sure that we protect the franchise but that doesn't mean that we can't and won't be more efficient across the businesses. So we haven't actually given specific guidance at the firmwide level but that is the backdrop.


          I just want to reiterate that we always have a waste cutting like real estate, people, straight-through processing, vendors, things where we think we got a little sloppy, where we are located, but we will never, ever ever stop investing in straight-through processing, better bankers, better training, Chase net, marketing, Sapphire, EBKs -- you know the new stuff from branches. So don't confuse the two.
We will lump it in together for you. Internally, no one goes to a budget meeting and says I get my expenses down by cutting expenses and the really important things we need for the future. No one. We are not going to run the Company that way. We would rather earn less money.

Answer_9:

          Including in that is paying our people fairly.

Answer_10:

          I would say that it is a matter of good housekeeping that we would constantly be looking at making sure that we are simplifying our businesses where it makes sense to do it. But as a large matter, the macro matter, we are working through the things that we talk about, some of the things that you mentioned and there are no significant changes


          We've got 1000 foreign correspondent banks, we sold CWT, we might very well -- we sold RPS. There are a bunch of product lines we have either closed down or eliminated and a lot of that is in the works. We put a light -- enhanced monitoring our other businesses and so we are well along the way but if something comes up that we think we should look at again, we will look at it again.

Answer_11:

          The most significant revenue effect that is not yet in our run rate because the transaction is not yet closed is the exit of the physical commodities business. So obviously when that closes which may be in the early part of the fourth-quarter that would have an impact in the revenues both in the quarter and then in our run rate in 2015.


          We gave you a number at Investor Day which -- we should probably update that number.


          I can give you the numbers now. So at Investor Day, we said that the impact in 2014 on revenues would be a decline of $1.6 billion. Just given the timing of the physical commodities deal, the impact in 2014 is going to be closer to $1.2 billion of which about $500 million is in our run rate already.
And then when you annualize the things that will be complete by the end of the year, that 85% of everything is obviously going to get done. So once we close the year this year the impact this year will be $1.2 billion, the annualized impact that we gave was $2.8 billion and that is still our best estimate.


          The important thing is the four beautiful franchises, Asset Management, Commercial Bank, CIB, CCB are all doing really, really well and this doesn't affect their ability to serve their clients at all.


          Remember also just for the purposes of completeness, it would be remiss of me not to say that expenses are also coming out as we take those revenues out and remember these are in large part businesses that were not at this time accretive to the overall firm's returns. So important to remember that.

Answer_12:

          I think because the government is still buying a big portion of net treasury issuance and because they are doing -- going into the repo market and taking cash out of the system, I think that number maybe has gone from $100 billion to $200 billion over time. Remember I believe that that repo can't be rehypothecated. So I do think some of those things that cause issues in the repo market, my guess is that will sort through over time. We do believe we see dealers reducing their books in repo and you have had a lot of statements about repo and collateral and capital against it so I feel things are going to sort out over time.

Answer_13:

          Not yet.

Answer_14:

          So I would say that there hasn't been a shift in sentiment but sentiment is better. It is still better year-over-year and better quarter-over-quarter. It has allowed us to deliver growth in line with the industry and we do however maintain, absolutely maintain, our credit risk discipline as it relates to the commercial space. So it is competitive. It hasn't been the case that we have historically been losing on price, it has been more on credit discipline and on simplification and derisking but --.


          I think Marianne mentioned it but in almost every category of C&I -- I'm talking about on the Commercial Bank -- utilization was up like 1% last quarter, maybe --.


          Utilization in commercial was up 3% since the end of the year.


          Since the end of the year and you know, utilization is usually a pretty good measure of companies starting to expand and early on, it's receivables and inventory. You haven't really seen it in capital expenditures yet and if you looked at US capital expenditures in total including big businesses, they are kind of flat to down, that will ultimately be the driver of real growth. So if you start to see that, you are going to hopefully see a stronger economy but utilization is I think is the first sign.

Answer_15:

          No, but can I just give you a number? I think year-over-year that balance sheet is up mostly because of money we have in the Fed. Even quarter over quarter, we've got these -- we have $350 billion or almost $400 billion at central banks around the world. We have an investment portfolio of $350 billion. We have a loan portfolio of [$700 billion]. We have already told you when they start to reverse, Q3, some of those will automatically come down.
So our balance sheet is kind of high because of all of this huge liquidity and securities in the balance sheet and eventually hopefully there will be more loans which are more productive and less just holding excess cash.

Answer_16:

          Just to illustrate the point, if you are looking at the slides, you are looking at end of period assets that grew by $40 billion or so. If you look at the average, it was only [18] and we get a lot of volatility around cash movement at quarter end. So Jamie is right, there has been a significant amount of our growth that has been deposits and ultimately found its way on deposit with the central bank.


          I would say against that, having said that of course there is a natural healthy tension now with leverage rules that we are clearly strategically optimizing the way we use our balance sheet and that will have a natural tension to keep the balance sheet growth if there is growth to be more modest.


          You are also seeing -- if you are talking about G-SIFI, the big Chinese banks, the big Japanese banks and some other banks around the world growing fairly rapidly, hopefully -- eventually we will use our G-SIFI scores a little bit too.


          And if we are right about the liquidity drain in QE, you will see a bunch of deposits flow out potentially in the second half of next year and see some of that growth reverse.

Answer_17:

          Thanks for the question because I want to make sure I am very clear. So in June, we did see an uptick in activity in terms of client activity but volatility stayed very, very low and there was no specific catalyst for it, no catalyst that would lead us to believe that that would necessarily continue. And as we have moved into July, it so far has been our experience that it has not continued at that level. So it is more our guidance in the second half is that the 15% to 20% and the 20% plus or minus decrease that we have seen in the first half, that kind of environment is the one that we are facing over the second half.
Now we are not guiding to a number because as you very well know however many trading days into the quarter and things can change so you are going to have to pick your level and we can't predict it any better than that.


          It is just our operating assumption is that it will stay at low levels for a while. We know we are going to be wrong on that but you all have to pick whatever you think. We run the Company planning for low and hoping for better.

Answer_18:

          We are not giving a specific guidance. It was 20% in the first quarter, 15% in the second, that kind of environment.


          And the third and fourth are generally lower and it could be lower than that (multiple speakers) .


          Normal seasonality drivers.

Answer_19:

          We called out the $300 million if that is what you are referring to in the CIB because it in our view anyway is a modestly sized and nonrecurring item. We are not expecting to have similar items like that. We may have some but we are certainly not our forecast that we are going to have that kind of level recurring. So really it is just to give you a sense that in the quarter we absorb that number you choose that you will to do with it in terms of your models but we don't consider that to be core.

Answer_20:

          Not at this time, not significant.

Answer_21:

          So first of all, these are all the moving parts, none of them are materially significant so operational risk went up a little bit, growth went up a little bit and offset against that, we continue to always on board positions onto approved models, continue to develop our models and get approvals for our models so that we can have the most efficient RWAs that we can have. And so we saw some of that. And also portfolio runoff so we were just giving you some color that flat RWA is actually the continuation of the work that we articulated at Investor Day that will ultimately drive it down to be closer to $1.5 trillion over the next 18 months.


          We are a little inconsistent upfronting all of the negatives we phased in. We are not upfronting model approvals we expect to get. Model on boarding and stuff like that. There is some of that coming and obviously those need to be approved by regulators.

Answer_22:

          Not material. They are going to run off over time for RWA and everything else is not material. They can be restructured. I think it goes to 2017 now.


          Thanks, Betsy.

Answer_23:

          We said relatively flat. It came up slightly in the quarter, obviously we are pleased with that and we told you that we expected core growth for the year to be 5% plus or minus and at this point that would still be our best assessment. If loan growth does continue to improve and improves to the point where our core loan growth is above 5% then yes, we would hope to enjoy the NII benefit.
But as we look forward based upon current rates, we will be flat with a little bit of upward bias is our outlook until rates start to rise.

Answer_24:

          Sorry, John, because you do continue to have albeit that everything is a little bit less than it was but you do continue to have offsets against that in terms of spread compression.

Answer_25:

          Yes, if market implied curve is in fact how things play out.

Answer_26:

          So first of all obviously what we can do is guided and limited by what we have approval to do. But yes, we did articulate that we were going to likely back end our share repurchases as we build towards our CET1 ratio. You can obviously see we built towards that nicely at 9.8%. And then yes, obviously particularly in the first half of the quarter, our price was favorable and we did share repurchases reflecting all of those things.
When we look at the second half without giving specifics because we don't give guidance on repurchases, we have the capacity to do $5 billion more gross over the next three quarters and we have a target to hit above 10% and we will juggle those two things together but that gives us the capacity to continue to do some repurchases.

Answer_27:

          We assume none in that. Think about the MSR risk management as we generally speaking expect our results to be close to home so plus or minus zero outside of any model updates because of our hedging strategy.

Answer_28:

          So as much as I know and you want to hear it, we are not going to be able to talk about the specifics of what we are reserving for and we told you -- we said before that we had very little in the first quarter, we have $700 million pretax now. It is going to be this way for a while. We are going to have elevated and lumpy litigation costs as we work through the issues that you are aware of.
And then with respect to mortgage, we have settled with a large proportion of our MBS risk with the governmental counterparties but we do still have some other civil claims. But we would characterize it more behind us than in front of us and we are working through it.

Answer_29:

          On an absolute performance, so first of all two things primarily contributed to the better performance. We said 20% plus or minus. Remember that really could have been plus or minus when you go back three weeks before quarter end. So with the better activity in June, so June was a stronger month every day on average produces stronger results than the prior two months and that helped and we didn't have line of sight to that when we gave our guidance and when we affirmed our guidance.
And then the second, I called out the market partner's shares, the IPO. We sold our shares post the IPO and generated gains of over $100 million which is a couple of points.


          And the VAR, I mean it is very hard to predict FICC. We are always reluctant to do it because somehow you think you actually know what is going to be the (inaudible) couple of weeks and the VAR jumps are around but some of that jumping around is really I think of underwriting positions, CMBS warehouse positions and stuff like that which come and go.

Answer_30:

          What I would say, Mike, is that what we have seen in the second quarter gives us reasons to be optimistic that we are going to continue to see growth at around those levels in the second half of the year. Like I said, it is not that we have seen a step change but that we have seen generally better sentiment, generally better utilization rates, generally higher pipelines. The phones are ringing. It is across geographies so it just feels like the environment is conducive for us to continue to be able to add.
We have been very successful in the business banking space and yes, we have reached inflection in card. So it is our belief that we will have strong growth year-over-year in the second half but we are still in the early stages of seeing that happen.

Answer_31:

          It is not really a factor of people who are already income producing, locked in rates and things like that. It may very well be a factor for people who want to build new things. Not on the commercial side but we did look at on the residential side there have been occasions we have rising rates and improving housing. So depending why rates are going may be the more determinant factor than just the fact that rates are going up. Rates are going up because you have a healthy economy, that may be more important than just the fact that rates are going up. We have not done the same thing in commercial, we probably should.

Answer_32:

          For us what we are doing is being consistent on our credit discipline and so we have talked I think partly in the first half of the year about us not participating in some of the growth that others saw because we have maintained line as it relates to particularly structured credit structures and aggressive structures rather than pricing. And so we are consistently doing that. We are not changing that and our credit across products also mortgage, commercial remains broadly consistent, we are not changing that either.
So for us we are just maintaining our credit discipline. But yes, it is a very competitive place out there right now across the products and so we are seeing a little bit of that aggressiveness. We saw it in the quarters running up to this. We still see it now although it is not worse.

Answer_33:

          I don't think we have disclosed that. It hasn't been a breakeven business over a long period of time. Obviously hasn't earned much money in the last few quarters and we are still negotiating something. It could be soon, it won't be all of OEP. It will be a part of it.
And then part of the number of you see, because I think there is $6 billion of total private equity are all heritage investment that were made by JPMorgan Chase and etc. before the Bank One merger. So they are all eventually -- that $6 billion will be zero and that frees up what, $3 billion of equity capital effectively.

Answer_34:

          Yes, just to be clear, the $2.8 billion if you go back and look at Investor Day was for all of our business simplification agenda not the physical commodities. I just called out physical commodities as being A, a big piece of it, and B, as being the biggest piece left to happen in 2014. So just to be clear on that.
And then yes, the $2.8 billion came with expenses of $2.3 billion against it. We didn't disclose the capital but when you take that into consideration it was at or below our cost of capital, not additive to returns.

Answer_35:

          Actually, it is in fixed.

Answer_36:

          We haven't actually broken out specifically in that way but I can characterize it for you. Obviously in mortgage production, the first chunk of expenses is truly variable meaning it is paying for production on a variable basis to the salesforce and then you have a bunch of what we would called semi-fixed costs which are effectively the operators, the people, the FTEs. And then you do have true fixed costs which is the management, the real estate, the technology.
When you have a very, very small market which I think you would agree a $1.1 trillion or lower market is very small, then it is hard with the fixed cost structure to make a lot of money in the mortgage business particularly if you are taking a hard line which we are on the types of mortgage product that we want to participate in. But over time it doesn't stop the fact that this is going to be a healthy functioning mortgage market and we want to be a scale player.
So it is tricky in this kind of very, very small market but we are focusing on fixing our fixed cost base and trying to get out as much efficiency as possible.


          We've been spending a lot of time in that and doing deep dives and trying to figure it out and unfortunately this one won't be the end of the year. I think of it as hopefully by the end of 2015 we give you clear sight about how we will be making normal profitability there which may take until 2016.


          Right and it has always been a cyclical volatile business and we had very, very strong performance over the course of 2011 and 2012 and into the first half of 2013 and we are now at that cyclical point, that cyclical low and we need a lot of things to happen. But trust me when I tell you that the fixed cost base is our number one focus or among our number one focuses and we are working very hard at it.

Answer_37:

          We are not exiting, just no longer doing it and it is in runoff mode.


          Right. So we stopped originating new loans but we do have a portfolio of loans that we are managing and as they run off, we will experience all of the usual charge-offs, reserve releases but not exiting.

Answer_38:

          We said it was driven by derivatives. Cash out of prime brokerage did better. Prim did better than cash.

Answer_39:

          So just on the mortgage thing, we are giving up share but remember that we distribute a significant amount of the mortgages that we produce and in this quarter, we actually portfolio-ed $5 billion of mortgages so we are not losing share in (multiple speakers). So we are adding to the portfolio for mortgage at just a slightly different dynamic.
We are outperforming on sales growth in cards so ultimately that will fuel outstanding growth that hopefully will be better than the industry but clearly it is modest at this point. Our C&I, we are in line if not potentially gaining a little share but we continue to outperform in real estate particularly multi-family real estate and asset management.

Answer_40:

          Yes.

Answer_41:

          I think you called it well on mortgage. Obviously the mortgage market and housing conditions outside of home prices are challenging and that looks like it is set to be a slower journey. But if you step back and look across all of our other businesses, when I talked about the underlying core performance drivers growing strongly, that reflects our strategy. So we continue to build and grow our businesses demonstrated by those performance drivers as well as simplify and address the control agenda and we are making the appropriate progress on both of those. And it is showing in our results.
I mean a quarter where obviously there are some challenges to print over a 14% return on tangible common equity is evidence of the strategy working. If you go through each of the comments I made in asset management, we are investing in the sales force, we are seeing that deliver growth, we have record inflows, we are seeing international deliver loan growth. It is very consistent.


          You haven't seen us give you a roadmap on how we are going to get from 7% return on tangible common equity to 14%. We are already at 14%.

Answer_42:

          No, look, I can't over emphasize this. We do not run the Company for quarterly profits. We make long-term decisions in people, systems, technology, products, services, stuff like that and a lot of things drive short-term profits but the profit you have in any one quarter relates to the decisions you made the last five years. And so we feel great about these companies. The big weak spot which we all acknowledge is mortgage and we are going to put -- we have got great people there. We are going to put elbow to the metal there, we are going to invest some more money in their systems.
We've got some catch-up to do. We got caught in the middle of as you know WaMu, Bear Stearns, origination platforms. But if you look at each of these businesses, they are all doing fine and we are looking at how we can grow them over the next five or 10 years and that is what we are going to do.
I honestly mean it. I don't care whether FIC is up 10% or 15% or down 10% or 15% next quarter. I actually think that is a complete waste of time.

Answer_43:

          I think most of that has been done. So you have seen not all of it but the full effect of that in terms of which segments we are getting out of, which ones we are going to focus on, which ones we put enhanced monitoring in so the same thing in the CIB with our correspondent banking. There may be more. We are always going to do good housekeeping and there are some clients we have had conversations with that are still on the books but they will be leaving down the road. But none of those things will be material to the future of this Company.
They may affect revenues a little bit in the fourth quarter or first quarter next year but that is not why we are doing it. We are doing this to protect ourselves, run the business properly, meet our regulatory and control objectives.

Answer_44:

          Think about this, the core number, the reported number being primarily driven by the legacy mortgage and credit card portfolios so the high end activity that we have been talking about is immaterial in the context of that runoff portfolio. That is what is driving the difference. So we will continue to see that portfolio run off and as it runs off and gets smaller, it will have less of an impact but it has been a fairly consistent story.

Answer_45:

          We have a large market share so while we may be outperforming the market what we see is generally a fairly good picture of what is happening. And what I can tell you is if you decompose our growth, you have still strong high single-digit growth in nondiscretionary spend categories driven principally in grocery and oil space which is not all that unsurprising but I think is actually instructive about consumer spending and inflation.
And then if you look at the discretionary growth which is growing even more strongly in the double-digit territory, it is across the board. It is travel, it is restaurants, it is retail, it is across the board so consumers are spending very strongly in both categories.


          (multiple speakers) Merchant processing we are growing at like 12% a year and we are investing more money, do a better job for merchants there and we have 35 million people bank online. I think 15 million who use mobile bank, it was 12 million or 15 million that use mobile banking. So you are going to see us extend products and services all of which hopefully will be merchant friendly and consumer friendly.

Answer_46:

          Mostly merchants aggregating their transactions.


          Yes.

Answer_47:

          Correct.

Answer_48:

          Yes, so our general longer-term outlook is our tax rate is 30% plus or minus just given obviously the pre-tax (inaudible) of the 2014 market, it will be slightly lower than that more in line with this quarter.
(multiple speakers)


          I don't remember if you mentioned it, but in other, there is private equity which was close to zero and bounces around. Treasury and CIO, which was close to zero and kind of will stay there and there is other corporate where a normal rate would be around 200, this quarter was around 400 because of some of the tax benefits. Think of that as going back to 200 give or take next quarter for your models.

Answer_49:

          So of the $5 billion, $3.6 billion was jumbo, about $400 million was (inaudible) and then about $1 billion was conventional so that is how it breaks down. So mostly jumbo, yes, and we are holding share in jumbo.
And with respect to the market share loss, it was principally two things. It was principally a strategy that we've talked about to do less in the high -- high LTV, low FICO space. We priced to the risk-adjusted return that we see in that business given the cost of service the loans that default and that is what the impact has been on our market share.
And then also the HARP burn out, we were very successful in HARPing our loans over the course of the last couple of years. Our borrowers who our technically eligible are no longer responding so we are seeing that burn out. The bit that is really truly the conventional loss which there was some, is really on price competition and we absolutely intend to compete on price.


          When you say high FICO -- that is FHA? So our FHA volumes are way down and we've studied FHA based upon the lawsuits and the premiums and stuff like that, we have lost a tremendous sum of money in FHA. We are trying to figure out what we should do about it going forward.
Just to give you three numbers, we collected $600 million in insurance. They disputed $200 million. The government called that a fraud. We reimbursed $600 million to get out of the lawsuit because it was a threatening lawsuit even though in my opinion it was a commercial dispute between FHA and ourselves about that. And the whole time FHA collected another $1.8 billion in premium. So the real question to me is should we be in the FHA business at all and we are still struggling with that.
We want to help the consumers there but we can't do it at great risk to JPMorgan so until they come up with some kind of safe harbors or something, we are going to be very, very cautious in that line of business.

Answer_50:

          I think it has slowed down a little.


          It went down slightly I think.


          Remember, you are talking about different borrowers (inaudible) so it might be something that was two million deposits and some start to borrow money but in general, you are right.


          So if you look at commercial just as an illustration of your point, what we have got going on is utilization rates in the last few quarters have picked up by 3 points. They are at 33% still much, much lower than you would expect them to be over time which would be slightly above 40%. But you do see deposits flattening out. In fact, there is a little bit of decline.
It is not absolutely the case at this point that we can say people are starting to spend their deposits and utilize their lines. As Jamie said, CapEx is still not really out there but that is what you would expect and in this business we did not see strong growth in deposits.

Answer_51:

          First of all, just to make a conceptual point which is we didn't have a target for loan deposits. We were just trying to make the point that obviously as we think forward to the impact of interest rates on our performance over time, we would expect both a mix shift in deposits back towards interest earning and CDs but also expect to see the economy growing and loans growing and that needed to be taken into consideration. So it wasn't really a target, it was just a simulation to start with that.
But it was based loosely on levels that we have seen at least in part the cycle that we were referring to. And then you are right, there is a dynamic where because of LTR, we will always have a -- because of our liquidity requirements internally as well, we will have liquid assets that will be structurally higher than they would had previously been and therefore from a mix perspective, that would have an impact. But at this point given where loan to deposits are, I think that would be a high class problem to be talking about.


          Remember there are some unused lines so there is not a loan on the balance sheet that still 100% LCR. So what's really going to happen is it is going to be done at the client level -- capital, LCR, commitments, etc, that is where you are really going to have to manage it, the capital level, the desk level, etc.

Answer_52:

          What we have seen a little bit of is trade finance cost have gone up, a little bit in municipal businesses and there you have seen a little bit more restructuring on the type of business people do. Remember some of the repricing may not take place in the product, it may take place in the relationship because all products have loss leaders, etc. But we haven't seen a huge amount of repricing taking place yet.


          I think if you think about --.


          I have heard some complaints by the way that some of the revolvers are smaller and shorter. It is not the price as much as it is the sizing. And then you have heard some commentary in the market that inventories -- bonds are lower and spreads will gap out so you are starting to see some of it but eventually -- I have never seen a business where the cost of goods sold doesn't eventually get priced in the business. It doesn't have to be priced into the eggs and the milk, it just has to be priced in the transaction, the whole bag the person walks out of the supermarket with.


          I think one way to look at it is to say while we are absolutely managing through this complex environment, Basel III Tier 1 common still is our binding constraint at the margin, that is how we allocate capital to the businesses and that is the sort of primary lend that we are using to price. And what you are going to see, as Jamie talked about, is that the leverage and LCR and other constraints including stressed capital are going to play out at the client level as we just are becoming more efficient at how we deploy our balance sheet rather than necessarily a repricing strategy.


          And CCar, we are pushing CCAR down. To the extent we can, we are going to push CCAR down to those things which create CCAR-ness.

Answer_53:

          I wouldn't hold your breath. Some people are leaving businesses, some are optimizing decline levels, some are having strategic changes and it will happen over time and we are quite patient about it. We are in no rush. We're not going to try to lead it or anything like that. It will happen over time.
Like I said, you have seen it in trade finance, you've seen it in certain municipal businesses, you have seen it in -- and all the rules aren't final. When the rules become final, people may react differently.

Answer_54:

          Yes, the improvement at the bank and the holding company was retained earnings, [pressed] net of capital distributions but we continue to work through all of the other initiatives we have to optimize leverage including compression trades and pair ups and the like. That is actually happening a little bit more slowly than we had thought just broadly in the industry. It still presents an opportunity, it is not the most sizable opportunity but we are diligently getting after it.
And then with respect to (inaudible), we estimated clearly it is a complex calculation so we will be slightly wrong in our estimate. We estimated it to have a benefit for the firm of 30 basis points and for the bank at 40 basis points. Yes, we would expect that at some point it would be ultimately adopted by the US regulators but that doesn't look like it expects to be helping our numbers this year or next.

Answer_55:

          It is essentially cyclical. I mean I wish we could actively manage it down because it is positive (inaudible) calculation but the truth of the matter is it is a factor of activity levels.

Answer_56:

          We don't think it is significant.

Answer_57:

          So CRA, remember is a combination of lower and middle income mortgages so we will obviously try to meet those commitments. It includes how many branches you have in lower and middle income so we will continue to build that. It is a function of CDFI, like lending to small business or community development funds which we will continue to do. So it runs a whole gamut and we will meet our CRA commitment.
Yes if you don't do in the FHA, it hurts you a little bit but to do FHA. lose billions of dollars that is a whole different level of shareholder responsibility and so we've got to be very careful how we handle that. I am hoping FHA comes forth and comes up with some real bright lines and harbors to make it easy for us to try to do what the government wants us to do but we can't get penalized severely for some of the things that happen.

Answer_58:

          It is all of that. We are going to meet CRA. We report CRA to our sellers every month and like I said, it cuts across a wide variety of things that we do for people and we just did this great thing in Detroit that is a lot of CRA credits. We can you mortgages ourselves that we can put on balance sheet that we think are less risky than FHA insurance. So we will figure it out.
We are just thoroughly, thoroughly confused about how we got treated, how we've got it going forward and we are kind of waiting for -- we have spoken to government for some kind of guidance going forward.

Answer_59:

          Yes.


          It's deals and reps and warrants.


          It is the reps and warrants that there should be a commercial resolution of the dispute but you don't have [treble] damages if something goes wrong.

