Answer_1:
Yes, I mean, so, Matt, I would say we I think -- and I can't remember which quarter it was, but several quarters ago we put a slide out in the presentation that showed what -- it was last year -- showed what the business simplification agenda looked like.
I think if you go back and now look at what we have done, including what we were able to either complete or sign this quarter, OEP, the RPS business, GSOG, Commodities, we've certainly broken the back of most of the business simplification agenda. Having said that, it is an ongoing process and we continue to de-risk clients and industries and continue to simplify our products in mortgage and the like.
So I would characterize that the actions that we have taken by the end of this year are substantially all of them. But at the margin we continue to look at client by client product by product to simplify things.

Answer_2:
So, we have talked before about the fact that when you take into consideration a combination of the leverage and liquidity rules together with our own point of view on positioning the Company for rising rates. So therefore our own point of view as being under invested in the duration perspective, that we have, we believe, a relatively optimized balance sheet.
Although it likes like we have a significant amount of cash, that is in part non-operating deposits that at some point will either flow out or be adequately paid for by the client return and in other parts is part of our overall liquidity.
I mentioned that subsequent to the US LCR rules being made final that although we had been reporting previously against Basel compliance in the 20%-plus range, so a buffer of 20%-plus. The US rules are more punitive in a number of ways, most notably that they look at peak outflows in 30 days relevant cumulative and also on higher outflow assumptions across the categories. Given that we are not compliant with a more modest buffer. So we would say that we are largely optimized.

Answer_3:
So, the capital is relatively minimal in comparison to the overall Firm. So while it obviously is positive for us, it is not a noteworthy number. And the expenses, just to note that I said the ROE is limited over time; this is a business that was still being built and therefore hadn't yet reached a maturity stage or a stage where it was returning its hurdle.
It will take a little bit more time to take the expenses out so there will be a slight lag in removing expenses. So in the fourth quarter it will be more modest, but over time it would be a large chunk of that $300 million.

Answer_4:
Yes. So we had a better third quarter than we had been expecting earlier in the quarter. We will see how the fourth quarter pans out. So, yes, it is the case that if we have a better fourth quarter and therefore a stronger second half of the year that our expectations for comp will be higher.
They'll still be well within our comp to revenue ratio range of 30% to 35%, I mean you saw for the quarter 32% year to date the same. So in large part it is going to be based on higher revenues in market. This quarter we also had higher revenues in mortgage and also in corporate. So that is the principal driver.

Answer_5:
Yes, sorry.

Answer_6:
Yes. Before I do that, you had a second part to your question on the cost of controls. Let me just deal with that very quickly.
We talked about the fact that we expect our control cost to reach a peak this year, that is still the case. So I would say that they are substantially in our run rate by the end of the year.
They will over time be able to come down; they will still remain elevated relative to historical because that is the new business world we are in. But we are going to be able to become more efficient, automate things, finish remediations, look backs. So over time that will provide leverage.
In terms of looking out to 2015 and 2016, while we haven't given specific guidance I will just point you to a few things. The first is we do expect to continue to see mortgage servicing expense decline on the back of delinquency and credit trends.
We would also expect to see improvements in the production space albeit we are -- there is a reasonable fixed cost base. But nevertheless, as you saw this quarter, we continue to make great progress in resizing that expense base.
In the nonmortgage space in the consumer bank, Gordon has committed to $1 billion in 2016 over 2014 principally but not exclusively driven by automation and efficiencies in branch staffing leverage and also the branch footprint optimization.
And then while we didn't quantify it, Daniel is very much looking at the expense equation for positive leverage that is reasonably significant over the next two years in the CIB. So I would say across the board obviously we are growing in asset management, we are investing in our businesses notwithstanding.

Answer_7:
So at the beginning what I did say is that there are a number of masses in our legal expenses for the quarter, but in large part it does relate to FX. And consequently you can read into that that things are further progressed this quarter than last, but obviously we can't comment any further.

Answer_8:
So just to talk about it, so we did $1.5 billion of buybacks this quarter, same last quarter. Obviously we have another $2 billion to go in terms of our approval. We don't know what the rule is going to be, it will come out before the end of the year, we will have to see what that says.
There will be a transition timeline, it will transition on the same timeline phase and timeline that the rest of the buffers transition in on, so through to January 1, 2019. So there is no need for us to overreact and race to compliance.
So we would do much as we have done over the course of the last two years, which is balance continuing to make good progress getting to wherever it is that we need to be, which we are not going to get at at this moment, against the desire to want to continue to deliver capital to the shareholders in the form of increased dividends and repurchases.

Remember, you all have the forecast where CET1 goes up to 10.5%, 10.8% or something like that. When that new CCAR rules come out we'll probably go fine-tune what it might look like at the end of 2015.

Yes, I mean the reality of the situation is sitting at 10.1%; we are in good company with the rest of the industry in the context that just given how CCAR operates it is highly likely that there will be overall accretion to capital in the industry over the course of 2015 and we will be no exception. So we will continue to accrete capital up towards and potentially above our 10.5%. But we are not going to recalibrate a target until we understand the rules.

And (multiple speakers) one thing on the target, just when you see the rules yourself know that in our 50 to 100 basis point buffer the reason why we had a range was to allow in part for some of uncertainty and things evolving. And so, we would obviously want to fine-tune and put a finer point on our buffer. So it is possible that our buffer may not be as high as 100% too. So we will deal with all of that when the rules come out.

And we have also been, remember, very careful the purpose here is to protect and grow the client franchise, meet the regulatory agenda and then we will adjust to all of these changes as they take place. The big ones we're going to know by the end of the year, TLAC, G-SIB and new CCAR.

CCAR, yes.

Answer_9:
So you would have seen our other where it came down slightly in the quarter from the second quarter on the back of model improvement and on data and portfolio runoff. So we are starting to see that bend now. It is the case that as we project forward to the end of 2015 the number that we showed you at Investor Day is still relatively good. It is probably a little higher than that. We said [1.5%] it will be support between 1.5% and 1.55% by the end of next year.
We are not in complete control around the timing of model approvals. We obviously are doing everything we can to be timely and then the regulators need adequate time to approve them. So we have kind of been a little bit more conservative potentially about the duration it takes to get models approved. But we are still on that same basic trajectory.

Answer_10:
Yes, I mean, yes, there is a significant benefit. If you look at our disclosures you can kind of see the short end versus long end impact. Basically there is a significant benefit coming off of the short end. So we would expect to capture a significant portion of that in the first 12 months. But we obviously are looking for a more normal curve overall over time.

Answer_11:
Obviously not to comment on everybody else's results, but our results were -- in terms of the size of the economic downturn, they were relatively in line. And our results were relatively in line with a few minor sort of enhancements to our process. So we weren't actually looking for materially changed results in our midyear DFAST.
So obviously we haven't had instructions yet, we are expecting them absolutely eminently, possibly as early as this week. In terms of guidance from the regulators on how to think about the bank holding company scenario for 2015 CCAR, to the degree that there are more and more stressful idiosyncratic losses or stresses on leverage or other things it could have an impact. But we have to wait and see.

Answer_12:
So, Mark Carney of the FSB and the Bank of England Chairman said that two major things remain to finish kind of the too big to fail issues. One is how you deal with derivatives and the second is TLAC, and both of those will be done this year. This is the thing, has been done, it is a great example -- I think it was 18 firms who got together and came up in a very complex way globally had to deal with this in a way that the regulators.
And the Fed put out a press release and Mark Carney has been very positive about it and it was industry led. So we do think it does solve that issue. So all of the buy side will do it. It will be -- eventually all the sell side -- I mean the other way around, all the buy side will eventually want to do it because it is actually better for the business as a whole.
May be not better for one trading desk, but it is better for the business as a whole and it is a little coercive. So that the regulators are basically saying that to do further derivatives you are going to have to adopt these new rules. And we think over time a lot of people will do it.

And just one thing there, the [GA] team does sort of break the back of the problem, but we are still awaiting actual regulatory guidance. So there is still the strong possibility that the guidance will be broader and we would encourage it to be broader, if nothing else for simplicity purposes, not necessarily because the GA team alone don't really achieve the results.

Right. And we're also in a position where even if the buy side doesn't for some reason, that we would be able to manage that risk over time and it would diminish over time because they're the short duration of the derivatives.

Answer_13:
Yes, so, I mean, our repo business is, as you know, substantially client driven and our clients are very interested in ensuring that they are giving us sufficient wallets to allow us to dedicate sufficient balance sheet to their business. So in that sense we continue to see repo as a strategic product for our client and a scarce resource, quite frankly.
So, it is obviously the case that as we understand new rules that meanwhile leverage rules have been for a while and we've seen leverage reduce in the industry overall. But we continue to have a strong and healthy repo business.

Answer_14:
We are okay with the higher margins, generalized margin rules. And if they go to kind of a tri-party CCP thing that will be fine too. And it would alleviate other issues at that point in time.

Yes. I mean between the CCP and I think the FSC even put out a framework last night that talked about cross industry including nonfinancial standardized higher levels of haircut that we are supportive of. So I think the combination of those two things achieve a great deal.

Answer_15:
Yes, so, I mean I think, Betsy, we would -- we will do exactly with this what we have done with everyone else to date which is overall we are only going to put our balance sheet to work and allow our clients to use it if the overall relationship over time pays us a sufficient return for that.
We have the ability to do that somewhat methodically and so we are being very surgical and very strategic about how we use our balance sheet. But it is a core strategic product for many of our clients and they want to continue to be able to do that.
So, yes, we could, I mean if you look at the numbers, however you want to cut them, there is -- within our repo business we do have a match book, we have inventory financing as well, we have client suites in our short-term wholesale funding. So there are things we could do, we just don't want to overreact.

Answer_16:
Yes. So, I mean we talked before and you will see more over the coming few months about our own wallet and payment capability so [Chase pay] and Quick Checkout where we would provide the capability for our customers to be able to have a much more seamless experience. Also for merchants to have a lower abandonment rate and continuing with the safety and security of tokenization and other methods.
So we are continuing to work on our own proprietary wallet and payment capabilities that will be piloted and then subsequently launched over the course of the next coming months. And then as obviously the case that we are out of pilot and in production on our end-to-end capability including [Chase net].
So we are signing up merchants at a faster rate than we expected and, again, you will hear more about that later. But our ability to now negotiate bilaterally economics with merchants and provide customers with compelling reasons to continue to bring share to us is also something we are working on.

So our basic philosophy has been that you, the customer, who want to be able to use your debit cards, your credit cards in a way that you want and that we want to make it available to you whether it is Apple Pay, in-store apps, other people's wallets, Visa wallet, our own wallet -- all which will have benefits, etc.
And as Marianne said, we think that we can also be friendly to merchants with data, with pricing, with simplified contracts. So we are trying to make this an ecosystem that works better for everybody and is far more secure. I have customers on both sides and I'm far more secure.

Answer_17:
Yes, I was just estimating it, I was taking a guess that it will double over the next four or five years.

And I think it is fair to say, Betsy, that what we are seeing inside the space, not surprisingly, is this relentless constant and evolving set of attacks and we need to be constantly evolving and constantly vigilant in response. So it is entirely reasonable to assume that we will continue to increase our investment over the course of the next several years and we'll -- so it will be larger and we will let you know.

I should clarify that was quoted in the press not accurately because this is one area where the government and businesses have been collaborating really well. And for a long time of course all these government agencies -- and I think we need that because the government sees all kind of attacks and they have a -- they are a fountain of information.
And then also the industry itself collaborates, which is we share information with other banks immediately when we see something happening. So maybe even if something happens to you, you can help one of your brethren avoid a problem like that.
And then cyber goes beyond just yourself. It's making sure that all of your vendors you deal with have proper cyber control, that all the exchanges have proper cyber control. So this is -- we have identified this as a huge effort. We've been very good at it until this recent breach, which we are not going to make excuses for. We will invest any and all things we need to do to get it right.
Our customers are protected, which is critical, but we don't want these things to be happening. But it is going to be a battle. We have already seen a lot of very, very serious -- far more serious than personal data being taken where Social Security numbers, security codes, account numbers, etc.
And we do think that unfortunately there are going to be some wins and losses in this. This is not going to be one of those things where it is going to be absolute and we don't want to be sitting here saying you can absolutely be protected because we think that will put you in a false sense of security.

Answer_18:
Yes. Tokenization will be more broadly used and that avoids a certain type of fraud, but not other types of fraud. So you have to look at each one of these things and say, what does it accomplish.

And that certainly helps across the payment space, but there are other areas of vulnerability, obviously.

And there is (inaudible) security about who came to what systems, when they use private computers with private lines as opposed to public computers from home. There are all these things we're all doing and we've had some great people come in, audit us, and this is one area I suggest to most companies, get someone to come in who is an expert at this. We have our own attacker system where we have our own people trying to get through. So we are always trying to look where we might have a weak spot.

Answer_19:
I don't think it makes it less attractive. For the one reason if you look at one contract that someone may have in one fund or someone like that yes, it may make it slightly less attractive. But if you look at the improved safety of the system I think it makes it more attractive.
So, if people believe that doing this makes whole system safer, every institution will say well, on the one contract side I would prefer to have the optionality, but for the total I like the fact the system is protected and we have time to work all this out.

So if the resolution works that is really, really good for everybody. I mean everybody would have preferred that there was a resolution process in place for Lehman. The pain and suffering would have been far less across derivatives even though they didn't have the same -- they had more protection derivatives at the time.

Answer_20:
So I think just an important point of clarification for what it is worth is that the FDIC found the industry's 2013 plans not credible, the Fed did not. So it wasn't a joint agency conclusion that point. And so, we haven't had comments on the 2014 plan yet.
Having said that we, talking for JPMorgan, we made substantial progress even between the 2013 and 2014 submissions. We are in dialogue with our regulators to understand even more detail of what they found as being the limitations or the vulnerabilities in our credibility of the plan. And we are committed to remediating them by 2015.
It has had little bearing on our business simplification agenda because it was already a very broad and appropriate agenda. But we continue to work on all number of things around the place, [crystal] operations, legal entity simplification and we will continue to do so.

Remember the FSB led by Mark Carney has made it -- be said publicly that the two big remaining pieces are TLAC, which should be done this year, and the derivative stay that would be common harmonization around the globe. And those two pieces are going to be in place and make resolution much more achievable.

Right and we should add that obviously the [Issa] protocol was specifically pointed out in that feedback and the industry voluntarily resolved the issue I think very well.

Answer_21:
No. So I mean, my point of view on this is that while we have started doing the filing more recently we have been well aware of the requirement for a reasonably long if not very long period of time and have reoriented our business to be compliant in substance with the requirements.
So the fact that we are producing metrics at this point isn't having meaningful impact on our business. It is the case that over the course of the next year between now and the compliance date next July, we do expect to, as an industry, receive feedback on that data and we will have to see how that progresses. But it is our point of view that our business is compliant.

Answer_22:
Industry wide as people pushed LCR and capital and some of these rules down to the trading desk that we did see a reduction in inventories, etc. But our view is that market making is a critical role in society and it has to take place. We have 16,000 clients and so we really do focus on serving those clients.
We electrified more of it, some of it will go to clearinghouses, some of it will be -- but we want to be there for the clients. And you will see how the industry sorts out. Some people in the industry are making much more drastic decisions than others. Our decision has been to be there to make markets and just try to adjust to the new rules which may make it a little bit more costly to trade.

Answer_23:
I think it wasn't the reporting requirements, I think it was pushing down of LCR, the cost of capital, the cost of debt and the traders reduced their balance sheets a little bit and they were a little more cautious how they use a balance sheet. And that is industry wide. And then some people said we simply can't stay in these areas. I have seen people exit certain trading areas.

Yes, I mean, repo is a good example of that where the level of, not concern, but the level of dialogue with clients around our willingness to continue to commit our balance sheet to that business has increased because others are less willing. And so, we are seeing some of that for sure.

Answer_24:
Yes, okay so let me give you the down piece of it. One of them is not timing, it is just a continuation of a trend where trade finance loans are down substantially year over year (technical difficulty). And so when you look at it the overall loan balance is being impacted by trade, markedly. And then on the client overdraft side, that is something that is a little bit lumpier, you see.
So those two things driving it down. But the point to the comment was a little bit -- not to trivialize reported loan growth, which was still positive, but with those masking underlying performance in our credit portfolio and HFI loans. So our more traditional credit lending continues to grow and grow at 10% plus pace.

Answer_25:
So I think a reasonable point of view on that would be at the lower end of that range, at the 50 basis points. So remember, when we -- obviously we will refine it and we will update you. But when we have thoughts about having a buffer it is there in order to protect us from a range of issues including capital volatility driven by AOCI.
We regularly and routinely stress our portfolio to understand how much stress we could see in AOCI in a short period of time and that is going to be one of the principal drivers. So I would say is that a reasonable sort of benchmark for the level that we would go to.
That doesn't mean we have to have that buffer in totality. As I said, buffers phase in between now and January of 2019. So whatever we decide it is, however we communicate that to you, that as well of all of the other buffers, capital conservation buffer and G-SIB we will phase in.

And CCAR may still be a limiting factor, so --.

Yes. I mean the reality -- as Jamie said, the reality is that the way CCAR is operating, while there has been good progress in the communication and dialogue with the regulator, the reality remains that it is still not clear, either quantitatively or qualitatively, exactly how everything is working and therefore it is unlikely to be the case that in this cycle that you are going to see 100% or greater than 100% distribution. That is my view.

Answer_26:
Yes, so, I mean, just before we sort of get onto the business-by-business lens on it, I mean the reality mathematically is obviously true that if we have higher capital we would prima facie defacto have lower returns. But the reality hasn't been that way over time. So you know acutely that we have added significant capital over the last however many years and have been able to, over time, continue to reorient the business and optimize against it to deliver strong returns.
So could there be a decline in returns. Obviously we will have to see what the rules look like. Clearly at the moment the most clear and present danger relates to higher G-SIB surcharges on short-term wholesale funding. So in the first quarter impact of it would obviously have an impact on directing those businesses and products in the CIB. But obviously if the Company is holding more capital we will look more broadly.
But I don't think it is a foregone conclusion that you are going to see a pro rata decline in our returns. And obviously we are continuing to focus on our expenses in making sure that the overall business is as efficient as possible.

Answer_27:
Yes. So I mean our 10% ROE, 13% ROTCE, remember the target is an ROTCE target. It's obviously -- right now in 2014 we are in a bit of a cyclical low in a number of ways and elevated expenses. So it is cyclical lows in mortgage, at least for the first half of the year cyclical lows and some secular headwinds in the market space.
Yes, we are reaching a peak in terms of control expenses, so that is in part contributing reserve releases are lower albeit that credit remains benign, but at a relative matter they are lower. But we are staring efficiencies in the face across our businesses over the course of the next two years.
So control costs will decline, CCB will deliver improvements in expense, CIB will also, rates will be a meaningful piece. Clearly you've seen our sensitivity to rising rates is relatively significant, but it is not the only piece. When the economy generally recovers, when loan growth recovers and volatility recovers, all those things, good things happen.

Answer_28:
Just to talk about what will be included in CCAR, the truth is we don't know. So what you have seen we have also read. But that doesn't constitute any kind of guidance. We haven't received guidance yet, so we are going to have to wait to see that. It wouldn't be entirely surprising if there was some sort of leverage stress in there quantitatively; I can't speak to qualitatively.
And then, yes, there has been more stringent guidance on leverage lending from the regulators over the course of the last year. And we have taken a fairly strict line on applying that. So it has in part been one of the reasons why we believe we have seen lower loan growth in some of our business than we would otherwise have seen.

And it is going to get a little stricter on the refi part of the leverage loans. And obviously whatever the terms are, we will meet the terms and some of that business will go to nonbanks or some banks who are not regulated by the OCC and the Fed.

Answer_29:
It is still relative to 20-million-something customers in -- households and 23 million, something like that, households in the retail sales space is still relatively low. From recollection, and we will check the numbers for you, I think it is in that 2 million to 3 million range. But nevertheless -- no?

Mobile was much higher than that.

Mobile is higher? Okay, we will get back to you.

Answer_30:
I'm sorry, I'm sorry --.

I'm sorry, it's 18 million.

Yes, it is 18 million out of --.

18 million.

I don't know is that individuals or households? It's a huge amount.

Customers.

Yes, customers.

Sorry.

Answer_31:
Look, again, our view is to, if you are a client and you want to use your Apple phone to pay with NFC at a merchant, that is fine, we don't want to say you can't use your JPMorgan Chase credit card or debit card. And like we said, we're going to be in other people's wallets too. And we're going to have our own which we think will have some competitive advantage.
So will it cannibalize? Sure. But we are not against cannibalizing our own business or disrupting ourselves if we are building a better business and are gaining share. Our goal to gain share. We do believe a little bit in -- you know when Jeff Bezos says, your margin is my opportunity, we want to be the people that are coming up with the new ideas and stuff that are getting more of our customers using our stuff and happier. And if it reduces certain margins somewhere, so be it.

Answer_32:
Yes, look, if you look at year-over-year trends, they continue to be in the -- I mean I think the first quarter year over year was 4%, 8% in the second, 7% in the third. I think we are not expecting those year-over-year tends to decelerate.
Obviously quarter over quarter things can be impacted just by the timing of closing loans. So fundamentally I would say, no, we aren't seeing significant deceleration quarter over quarter within continued relative momentum. Solid across the board with obviously more challenges in the C&I space.

Answer_33:
Relative to the 58 plus or minus that [was being said], no, it is principally in higher revenues on higher market performance.

We always said that might be the case.

Yes.

So we are meeting our overhead numbers and the comp itself will bounce around a little bit. Remember, in the old days we used to break out IB comp in total for that reason. But --.

Yes, sorry.

Answer_34:
Okay. So just in terms of what is our binding constraint at the moment, it is CET1, so Basel III advanced capital, risk-based capital at the margin. So it is not to say that the other ratios leverage liquidity and the like aren't [comfortably] around it. But that -- and even stress capital. But that is currently our binding constraint.
It is very hard for us to give us a point of view where you should do this new model three years out when we are staring potentially new rules in the face in the next two months. As I said earlier, we are expecting over the course of the next 12 months that we will continue to accrete capital at 2% or above our 10.5% which is basically in-line with what you guys all have in your models.
Beyond that it is our expectation that, hopefully anyway, putting new rules aside that by the time we are in our fourth or fifth cycle of CCAR when you've made substantial industry wide progress in the sort of non-quantitative aspects of CCAR where we have more credible resolutions and the like that we will be able to me more aggressive in our ability to seek capital distribution capability.
So outside of any changes in rules we would hope at the end of 2015 into 2016 CCAR to be able to have -- payout ratios are much higher. But we will have to see.

Answer_35:
Yes, there is. So about half of that I would call -- approximately half of that I would call relatively normal, but included in that result there is actually a one-time item associated with accounting for the previous interest accrual that we released in the quarter, which is one time. You should expect that interest expense to go back up next quarter to something more normal.

Answer_36:
A little less than $100 million.

Answer_37:
Yeah. So I think -- yes, it is our -- it is our belief that we should be able to manage the ratio to be stable to improving over time, ultimately getting down to something much more in the mid-50%, but that is dependent on revenue growth associated with rates but not limited to rates.
So in the absence of rate but, by the way just to point out, that it is still our case that based upon continued improvement in the domestic rate economy that rates will start to rise in the middle of next year. But having said that, even without rates we would hope to be able to continue to maintain the discipline to have that ratio be broadly flat to down.

Answer_38:
So since we talked about the $100 billion estimated deposit outflows associated with liquidity draining out of the system, remember that was predicated on believing that it was possible that the Fed would use the reverse repo program much more -- in much more size than is likely to be the case today for two reasons.
One is that obviously they have made changes to the term deposit facility that allows them to now be LCR eligible, which is helpful in terms of providing another tool in their toolkit.
And the second is that in September, as you know, the RRP was capped in total at $300 billion. That cap may or may not be permanent. I'm sure it will be recalibrated over time. But it looks like it will be unlikely to reach the $1 billion that would have driven the $100 billion -- the $100 billion -- sorry the $1 trillion that would have driven the $100 billion.
So. you can make your decision about whether it is $300 million or $500 million in the fullness of time and scale our operating deposit outflows back relative to that, knowing of course that it is already in operation at $300 billion right now.

Answer_39:
Yes, Brennan, we haven't disclosed that. I would -- a large chunk of it is client driven, that is what we will say.

A large chunk -- a larger chunk of it -- the larger chunk of it.

We have also lengthened the firm financing part of it --.

Yes.

-- to be more compliant with LCR, etc.

Right.

Answer_40:
So I would square it in two ways. The first is already did have a better performance in the third quarter then would have been anticipated in our previous guidance given that that guidance was given during the sort of harder times of the second quarter. So that is already in our run rate so to speak in terms of the comp that would accrue to that.
And then if you sort of go back and, in the fullness of time, look at the transcript, I did say if the performance continues into the fourth quarter. So it will depend.
We have always said, and evidently maybe we should strip out comp from our adjusted expenses. But we have always said that the adjusted expense absolute number in any period is obviously going to be calibrated to the performance of the market-related businesses. And clearly you would wave in good revenues every day at a 32% comp to revenue ratio. So that is really all we were saying, nothing more subtle than that.

Answer_41:
No, no, it is not possible to talk about it in any more detail, I am afraid.

It's just -- suffice to say that we are working with a number of regulators across a number of jurisdictions.

Answer_42:
So you are right that when you roll forward beyond the first 12 months you do get the benefit of being able to continue to reinvest deposits as they mature up the curve in terms of their invest -- the underlying investment. So that is the compounding effect of what you are seeing in our earnings and risk shock.
But what we showed I think in -- I'm going to cease to recall it, but maybe it was in the Barclays conference in 2013 -- is that you would expect once rates start to rise, if they rise in a somewhat expected fashion. So obviously it depends on what rate [party] you want to put on that, that you could expect the cumulative NII to be in our [impact] in three to four years.

Remember the benefit is more for the first hundred, a little bit less the second hundred, a little bit less the third hundred, a little bit less the fourth hundred, because there is increasing repricing of deposits at that level. And we don't know exactly what the yield curve will be four years out, but --.

Right.

And also we do embed in that our own estimates of competition and repricing.

Yes.

But --.

Yes. That is a very good point actually, Brennan. Our scenario does contemplate not only a more normal loan to deposit ratio, more normal interest bearing versus non-interest-bearing deposit and also a higher (inaudible) on retail deposits just given the LCR competitive dynamics, technology advances and the like. So to the best of our ability we've tried to bake that in and that is included in our number.

Answer_43:
Right. So the deposit -- so in part not totality, in part the deposits that were likely to outflow through the RRP were non-operating deposits. And non-operating deposits we do not count for significant liquidity value in the Firm; we fundamentally have them on deposit at central banks at the Fed.
And so, if they stay -- we will come back to whether we would be willing to let them stay, but if they stay they will continue to basically be treated in that way. And they are not included in terms of our assumption around asset sensitivity and forward-looking NII.
Obviously over time we are in the same way as we talked about repo we are looking at non-operating deposits for our clients in the context of their overall relationship. And so, that is another valuable use of our balance sheet with leverage capital and the like against it. And in the fullness of time we will expect the overall relationship to pay for that. But we are going to wait and see some of those dynamics play out.
So other than that I'll just go back to the earlier comments I made that we do have a high level of HQLA, not in [cash], not in securities, but it is in order to make sure that we have adequate liquidity both under our own stresses most importantly, but also under LCR and NSFR. And we feel good and at modest buffers relative to them.

At the typical quarter end a lot of large clients leave a lot of deposits here which obviously are not necessarily good for us in terms of LCR or capital, etc., and we will be looking at how we manage those client relationships over time too.

The other thing you remember of the securities portfolio is that as rates go up the duration of that extends on its own.

Correct.

And so, we will be managing that. And, yes, we might invest it longer at one point, but we are in a very conservative position right now.

Answer_44:
So we are continuing to see credit trends improve, delinquencies come down, modification pipelines -- all the metrics are coming down. Obviously they are coming down from a much smaller place this year than that were last and the year before. So the pace of improvement or the relative pace is slower.
But we are expecting that to continue down through $500 million and into the $400 million's in 2015. And then just more longer-term, you know that we are focused on ensuring that through the next cycle we have a smaller delinquency portfolio. And so, a more normal level would be substantially less than this.

Answer_45:
Sorry, that is a longer-term view.

Answer_46:
Yes. So I mean we talked last quarter about the fact that we had loss share, a combination of things, primarily our strategy around the government mortgage space but also a little bit of share in the what I would call in our target segment. So we have made that back.
So in some part it is just continue to leverage our balance sheet properly, do very granular marginal pricing to really focus on changing and improving our customer operating processes. So across the board we just continue to get very granular and try and be as competitive as we can.

Answer_47:
So, just to be very clear, it may be slightly -- (inaudible) slightly higher than Investor Day in terms of our guidance. So, look, obviously any guidance that we give you, and no good deed goes unpunished, but any guidance we give you is always predicated on based upon what we know today. And so, if something changes that would change that point of view we will obviously have to recalibrate it.
But just prima fascia having the requirement to have extra long-term debt or loss absorbing capital and/or capital wouldn't necessarily prima fascia change the overall RWA we have. I mean you have to be careful to ensure that by having higher levels of capital there's not an incentive to want to stretch in the credit box, but we have very tight credit discipline. So I wouldn't see that being a material change in the outlook. But obviously if there is a change in rules that directly affect RWA that would do.

Answer_48:
Yes, I mean, look, it is the case that a lot of refinancing has already happened, so the debt maturity wall is smaller, although rates are lower than we may have expected at this point in time. So I would -- so, therefore yes, it is reasonable to assume that there is going to be some continued headwinds. But having said that, I think there is going to be windows of opportunity. So we are going to -- M&A and ECM are more constructive and likely to be buoyant, but I think debt capital market still has windows of opportunity.

