Answer_1:

          There wasn't anything particularly noteworthy in terms of one-time events. It was really quite broad particularly in derivatives.
In cash the performance was I would say solid year over year because we saw strength in the Americas this year but we had strength in Europe last year. And I think the first-quarter 2014 wasn't particularly strong, so I think we were flatter a little bit with a relative comparison but it was a really strong absolute and we think probably strong relative performance.

Answer_2:

          Yes, this is where it would be. I wouldn't say it's a driver, but we are as you said and the whole industry is looking to work with clients to optimize the use of the balance sheet and improve returns.
So we've seen some of that. But I wouldn't say it was a key driver.

Answer_3:

          It is more of the same. Obviously G-SIB took on a slightly heightened focus when we had some doubling happen in the proposal in December.
So we've always been measuring and monitoring and tracking G-SIB at a very granular level. But we are obviously on a path now to aggressively manage it which means that we are going to be just a little bit more focused on that constraint, not uniquely also with advanced capital, standardized limits, balance sheet caps, the like. So it's more of the same, honestly, than just a heightened focus on this given the US proposal and given the impact of at least at this point FX translations.


          And different than RWA it affects certain products more than others. And we pointed out nonoperating deposits, stuff like that. Certain businesses more than others we've pointed out clearing and certain clients more than others we've pointed out financial institutions.
So it's just kind of a multi-variant theme. It's not mystical and we're actually already starting to reprice some of these businesses to get an adequate return on G-SIB capital. And we're seeing other people do that too.


          That's right. We may be in a different position with G-SIB but others are leverage constrained. And just generally speaking we are starting to see a lot more discipline around balance sheet and pricing is following somewhat generally.

Answer_4:

          So again assuming for a second that rates don't rise until the backend if not the end of the year and we can come back to that if you like we would expect our NII dollars to be stable to slightly up because we're still seeing growth in our interest-earning assets. Obviously this quarter we were down some on day count, it was a big chunk of the quarter-on-quarter reduction.
So we're really going to see the biggest lift in NII when we do see interest rates rise and we'll see when that is. And similarly on our NIM we would expect NIM to be stable particularly given as we talked about what we've seen dilute our NIM more particularly over the course of the last year or two has been this significant increase in cash and we're going to see some of that at least stabilize and turn as we start to reduce nonoperating deposits. So we should see our NIM relatively stable and again start to rise when rates rise.

Answer_5:

          Okay, so taking your first point, Erika, obviously I don't know the next time we're going to in all likelihood get CCAR instructions including the rules and the minimums is likely to be some time towards the end of this year for the next CCAR cycle as we get prepared to deliver that. So all I can say is what you know which is clearly the door was left open for the minimum to be increased or potentially to include some element of the surcharge.
We're hopeful that that won't be the case because we would say the surcharge should be carried in baseline times to be used in stress and to have all firms end up well-capitalized afterwards. But I have no more insight than that for you.
With respect to the dialogue with the Fed look, it's definitely much, much further progressed than it was two years and three years ago and every year it gets better in terms of the bilateral conversations and it's constructive. I don't think, however, you could today or will likely ever be able to characterize it as transparent and clear, maybe potentially by design in terms of understanding or being able to reconcile exactly what their models do and what their results are driven by. So I won't be able to clarify for you what changed in their results or what differs between ours and theirs but the dialogue itself is definitely more constructive and more bilateral and more continuous.

Answer_6:

          Look, I think that the best way to answer that is that we are still firmly with our guidance of adjusted expenses being $57 billion plus or minus by the end of the year or for the year, sorry. Obviously we will always try and outperform that but I wouldn't characterize one quarter as a change in that guidance at this point.

Answer_7:

          So look the most important thing obviously in all of that is that we were delighted to be able to partner with the large company on their strategic transformation and that's the most important thing about that transaction for us. I'm not going to comment specifically on whether or what JPMorgan would be interested in in terms of asset purchases. We're much more focused on partnering strategically with the company.

Answer_8:

          No, we haven't given any specific guidance, Chris.

Answer_9:

          In the context of the CCAR we just had?


          We expect our -- it's a little complicated this year and we sort of articulated it at Investor Day because we're going to move at some point whether it's the third of the fourth quarter to have standardized RWA be our binding constraint. So 11% plus or minus is our target on CET1 and that's all we've said.

Answer_10:

          There's a couple of different things. One was a little specific.
We had a portfolio of loans that we held for sale and have subsequently exited from the balance sheet which drives some of it. But in addition just generally a competitive environment and lower demand particularly in Asia.

Answer_11:

          Not specifically, no. I will tell you that while we are obviously delighted with the performance it was a relatively strong market and there were some larger transactions so we're happy with the gains. I can't specifically comment on where it came from.

Answer_12:

          Yes, it's definitely more the latter. So basically if you think about our E&P portfolio in particular when we think about the redetermination somewhat semiannually of the borrowing base and looked at those companies on a client-specific name by name basis there was some contraction in the borrowing base and therefore some downgrades that drive our reserving methodology.
It doesn't mean that we feel that those companies are necessarily in significant difficulty but that's the way the reserving methodology works. And as I said we do this on a client by client basis, we're comfortable with our exposures and clients are looking to manage their own defensive position. So it's not clear that they will necessarily be realized in losses; in fact, if the implied curve rather than flat to long oil prices is in fact how things play out it's possible that there will be very little in the way of credit loss we'd experience.

Answer_13:

          Both. Both.

Answer_14:

          Yes, so first of all just on the contraction in spend driven by oil prices it's pretty typical in this part of the cycle that you would see lower energy prices in the first instance drive savings rates up and you see consumer spend for the energy dividend so to speak lag back. So the fact that we saw that happen in the first quarter is not atypical and it doesn't mean that we don't expect the spend to grow and for that energy dividend to ultimately translate into higher spend going forward. So it's more of a normal timing phenomenon is our expectation but with respect to other activity, yes we saw active equity capital markets with some defensive issuance and generally I think it's a positive overall for the businesses and for the economy.

Answer_15:

          Not readily but we can get back to you.

Answer_16:

          Yes, nothing specific to call out in the second half of the year. And we should hit 11% if not a little better, yes.

Answer_17:

          Look, I would say seven weeks or six weeks or whatever it is after Investor Day that the messaging hasn't really changed which is we have every intention of aggressively managing the score, doing it as we talked about earlier in a very granular way. And we're already working on that and you see that in the most obvious place which is in the reduction already to date in nonoperating deposits.
But we continue to work on all of the things so derivative notional compression, level III assets, financing, obviously we're still thinking about what the response should be in terms of risk intermediation and clearing. And so I think six weeks on from Investor Day the story is the same, we feel we are fully committed to ensuring that we are safely within the 4.5% bucket and we may not stop there but we're only a few months into this.

Answer_18:

          Yes, I was obviously you noted it from a small base so that's notable. There are two specific transactions or two specific exposures that were moved to nonaccrual.
One of them was moved on a somewhat of a technicality, a sovereign downgrade which we fully expect to recover on. But that is just the way we have to present it and the other smaller piece was one other isolated exposure.
So I wouldn't overthink it right now. It's two exposures and it's $200 million in total.

Answer_19:

          The first the sovereign downgrade was did have oil and gas underlying exposure but again it was on a technicality rather than on the fundamentals of the Company. And we fully expect to recover on that.


          Focus on the very, very small number.

Answer_20:

          No, I would just say that overall our sense is that the market is neutral relative to the event. We happen to be able to benefit a little from it. Some others will be more neutral and some may have lost.
As these happen regular way in trading businesses and it just happens to be the case that that event and the volatility it drove is good for our client franchise. And I think it really just goes to show you that we're in a business where expertise matters and risk discipline matters and we were able to capitalize on both of those not just for the Swiss franc but also for the other macro events in the quarter.

Answer_21:

          No, I wouldn't even characterize them as one-time gains. I would characterize them as one of a number of items that drove our performance in the business.

Answer_22:

          Yes, so overall the total firm the reserve build that we took was a little over $100 billion, 4/5 of which was in the Commercial Bank. So we did experience -- we do all of this on a name-by-name basis, so we did it across our portfolios but the majority was in the CB E&P portfolio.

Answer_23:

          It was $100 billion.


          $100 billion.


          No worries. $100 billion, I mean look at the end of the day you can see that over the course of the last since whatever the third quarter of 2012 our cash balances grew by a couple hundred billion dollars and that has been a very large contributor to the compression in our NIM, not the only one.
So as we push out the nonoperating deposits we would expect to see that help but remember we're still growing retail deposits. So if you look at this quarter in particular even though we reduced our nonop deposits related to client actions by about $20 billion, the majority of that $24 billion, we have flat deposits so we're continuing to grow the good retail deposits. So I would say it would be a tailwind but it would be a tailwind to a stabilizing and slightly improving NIM outside of rate rises.

Answer_24:

          No, I'm sorry of the top of my head can't remember the number you're saying. But no, our legal expenses, forget the legal expense that relates to reserves that we've taken and settlements that we reached, our regular way expense for third parties in legal isn't down substantially quarter on quarter or year on year at this point, although at some point it will be.

Answer_25:

          So specifically with respect to the quarter I would say that the wholesale parameter update -- wholesale credit parameter updates model benefits is about half of the RWA reduction with the other half coming from regular way portfolio run off as well as some reductions in market risk associated with market risk positions, reductions in private equity, reductions in commitment. So some position reductions rather than driven specifically by FX.
Look, we're running above $1.5 trillion now and we said we're going to manage both the advance and standardize to that number over the course of the next couple of years. So if FX or if the currency translation is a tailwind then we would hope to do better but at this point let's get there.

Answer_26:

          So at the moment our CET1 ratio launching into CCAR was below 10%, not the 12% that we expect to run at once we have built our capital to our target level. And so you are right that right now under CCAR Tier 1 leverage was our binding constraint both last year and this year.
And so a combination of our capital strategy around how we think about the issuance of preferred together with balance sheet actions will be how we think about mitigating that limitation in the short to medium term. But ultimately it doesn't change the fact that once we get to our target assuming that is the 12% that we articulated at Investor Day that again we don't think we should be leverage constrained, so yes we're going to work on that obviously and we are continuing to build capital but when we launched into CCAR we weren't at that level.

Answer_27:

          To give you a little perspective I also spoke in that the banking system is much stronger to start with and every bank in the system is much stronger. So just trying to think through what are the effects of some of these things and we look at it is kind of a warning shot across the bow. What I worry about more is what happens in a stress environment and I think people are paying attention to what's going on in the markets and if there has to be changes down the road there might be some changes that are relevant to that.

Answer_28:

          I think the best way to think about it is through the cycle target that Doug Petno put out at Investor Day which is 18%. So that doesn't mean to say that we will benefit when rates rise in this business and it is very competitive and spreads are compressing and there's a lot of factors going on but through the cycle 18% so we're some years below and some above.
Just the question on core growth and security services outside of presentation changes and client exits is currently in the low single digits. So obviously a little bit muted because we're working on the balance sheet optimization but certainly growing and in the low single digits and in terms of looking at advisory and who we are gaining share from principally European banks.
Okay, no more questions?

