Question_1:

          My first question is the capital progress has currently been solid this quarter; last week, however, there seems to have been more support in the Fed in terms of including the SIFI surcharge in the CCAR test. And I guess the question is in two parts: one, what do you think the chances are of the -- any or all of the CCAR surcharge or the CET1 surcharge to be included in CCAR; and two, what are the next steps in terms of business model adjustments, if that did pass?

Question_2:

          Got it. And just the second question is you've clearly made also progress in terms of your deposit mix. As we potentially anticipate a rising rate environment for the back half of the year, given what the regulators have done in terms of saying, okay, here are the good deposits, here are the not-so-good deposits, how should we expect the pace and magnitude of retail deposit repricing or pass-through if the Fed does raise rates in the second half of this year?

Question_3:

          I see your markets revenue are down 1% year over year the way you look at this, but I'm trying to reconcile that with Jamie's comments two months ago at a New York conference where you said there is repricing in rates derivatives, prime brokerage, clearing, and trade finance. I'm guessing it's just risk off.
Can you shed more light on what type of repricing you are seeing with any specific examples, because the transparency for us on the outside is pretty weak?

Question_4:

          And just one follow-up. When you say (multiple speakers)?

Question_5:

          When you say a little repricing, is it bigger than a breadbox? Are we talking about basis points or 1% or 5%? What are you talking about here?

Question_6:

          Question on the deposit shrinkage. You obviously finished the program you announced at investor day. Just wondering if you're going to take it further; what the impact on revenues has been. And do you expect that the full benefit to NIM is already in 2Q or -- in the 2Q numbers or we are going to see more benefit in 3Q from the actions you took?

Question_7:

          Yes, and the NIM benefit should flow into 3Q as well?

Question_8:

          Marianne, was wondering if could remind us about the timing of your expense reduction targets in the consumer and investment bank. Specifically, if you hit the $57 billion in adjusted expenses for 2015, how much of the ultimate cost saves does that $57 billion target for this year incorporate? How much would you have achieved already in 2015 and any thoughts on the trajectory for remaining saves after this year?

Question_9:

          A quarter of the total?

Question_10:

          Okay, great. Then a quick follow-up is on RWA. Any update to your year-end RWA targets and thoughts about how we should think about potential RWA levels longer term?

Question_11:

          I'm just curious in terms of your core loan growth; you mentioned that that's up about 12% year over year. Can you give us a sense as to where that's growing the strongest and where you're seeing a bit more weakness? Within the core loan growth, specifically.

Question_12:

          Okay, Marianne, and for my follow-up I noticed I guess you were quoted in an earlier meeting today suggesting that there could be further provisions for the oil and gas portfolio. There's been some media reports prior to this week about regulators potentially looking a bit more carefully at your portfolio as well as a number of other banks.
Can you give us a little more color as to how you are thinking about the potential trends there and any comment you might want to give in terms of where the regulators are focusing?

Question_13:

          Marianne, just wanted to follow up on that last point. Your commentary about credit, for the second half, is in line, you're $4 billion plus and you've got $1 billion of charge-offs this quarter again. So on that point just one question about where you continue to see underling improvements. Card obviously is still above your guidance, but can you give us some of the thoughts about where any existing improvement can come from?

Question_14:

          And then to your point about not expecting to be much loss from the energy provisioning and that we could see energy provisioning, plus this quarter you had a nice $300 million release from the NCI portfolio, is this kind of it for reserve release and can you talk about your outlook there?

Question_15:

          Maybe we could just ask a question on card fees? That's been an area where growth in card fees have been pretty flat for a while as you ramp up reward spending. We saw a pretty nice jump quarter over quarter; some of that is seasonal, but it was a little stronger than what we saw the last couple of years.
Are we getting to a point where you are lapping some of these higher reward costs and growth in new accounts and we should start to see that revenue line track more closely with spending, or is this something unusual this quarter?

Question_16:

          Okay. And on the card loan side it seemed like you saw a decent uptick this quarter. You are starting to get past some of the runoff and it seemed more of a core driver.

Question_17:

          So first question on capital. I just want to get a sense as to how we should be thinking about preferred issuance plans going forward now that you've met the 150 basis point RWA target.

Question_18:

          Okay. And then just a follow-up regarding, Marianne, your comments about the trading outlook for at least in the near term, recognizing it's still very early days in the quarter. Since the very start we've seen, or at least we've experienced, a number of global shocks and on the regulatory front we do have the Volcker implementation deadline, which is looming. So taking all those factors into consideration, how should we be thinking about the near-term trading outlook?

Question_19:

          You guys had a very decent mortgage banking quarter in the second quarter with rates going up. We know that the refis have started to come down, but the purchase market has been stronger I think than people expected in the second quarter. What do you see going into the third and fourth quarter, especially with the new regulations coming out with the disclosures with (inaudible)?

Question_20:

          (multiple speakers) Can you talk a little bit about the tax --? My follow-up question on the tax rate. Should we be modeling in 28% to 30% going forward; is that 25% just an outlier?

Question_21:

          The equity trading has been very strong the last couple quarters, both for you and for others, assuming it continues the rest of this earnings season. As you step back and think about some of the drivers there, you mentioned some repricing; we've obviously seen some deepening of some markets, increased volatility. Can we think about there being potentially a long-term secular recovery in the equities trading, or do you think it's more just stocks are going up, just global QE, or too early to tell?

Question_22:

          Okay. And then just separately, what type of mortgage loans are you adding? Are these jumbo? Are they fixed rate?

Question_23:

          Okay. And I guess are you choosing to add some mortgage loans instead of securities? Because you've got a smaller securities book than a lot of peers and it seems like there's capacity to add there.

Question_24:

          I just want to follow up on the conversation in fixed income, and I agree with you; it seems like you weathered the whole Greece and China storm pretty well. The thought on the lack of liquidity in the fixed income markets gets a lot of attention. You guys have the most market share; have the lowest standard deviation in the business. As a liquidity provider that's a good thing for you.
But curious on how you are thinking about preparing for what seems to be a pretty serious issue and how serious of an issue do you think it is in terms of the potential disruption?

Question_25:

          Speaking of cautious, the last one I have is on living wills. I know we have a little bit of time before we hear anything, but if you look at the comments from the previous year, what they wanted you all to address, it seems like there was a massive amount of progress made. I'm not sure what you can tell us, but curious your thoughts on progress made and then maybe timing on when we might hear regulators thoughts.

Question_26:

          Marianne, you mentioned a couple of times about the competitiveness in the middle-market lending space. Can you give us some color on what you are seeing, whether it's underwriting standards, and what kind of product type in the middle market that is most competitive?

Question_27:

          You guys have made great progress with the penetration of the mobile banking app that you've created as well as online banking. You showed us that your branch count is down over 100 branches on year-over-year basis. What do you see for the branches as you go forward? Is that trend line likely to continue as you continue with the increased penetration from the mobile app?

Question_28:

          I was just curious about the reduction of the non-operating deposits and I would have expected that to come mainly out of the corporate and investment bank. But when you look at the disclosures on your average asset level, it's essentially been $850 billion plus/minus each of the last five quarters. Where is the shrink really happening, or how do we see it?

Question_29:

          But when I look at total assets in the CIB, it's 845 this quarter versus 846 last year. It just doesn't look like a whole bunch came out of there. It looks like it all came out of the --.

Question_30:

          Well, if you go linked quarter it's 865 to 845. I'm just curious; it doesn't seem to mesh up to --.

Question_31:

          Okay. When you see it in your public disclosures it all looks like it's coming out of corporate and other, which is down more than 100 linked quarter, so I was just kind of curious how it all works. Because if --.

Question_32:

          Just following up on the markets discussion. Curious whether or not you have seen some of the drama around Greece impact M&A discussions in Europe this quarter and maybe an update on the IB backlog at this point.

Question_33:

          Okay. Thanks for that. And then on security services, I know that you all highlighted that it's up quarter over quarter on the seasonal strength for the dividend season, but it was down year over year. Can you help us reconcile the year-over-year decline?

Question_34:

          Jamie, you made a comment about attacking new markets and that sort of tags on to what I was going to ask, which is whether there are any of the old WaMu markets where you've not been able to expand as aggressively as you've wanted to and that you might be thinking about exiting. So I'm just wondering, can you just tell us how you feel about individual markets right now?

Question_35:

          Okay. Another geographic question. I get that Greece is not that important to the Eurozone and the events of the past couple weeks seem to have been a lot of theater, frankly. But the events in China in the last couple of weeks have been somewhat worrisome. Have your plans for China changed at all, given what seems to be a retreat from open markets there?

Question_36:

          Just a quick follow-up. Marianne, earlier on you were talking about deposit betas and, for a lot of very good reasons, expecting that deposit betas will be a little bit faster this time around. But could you round out the conversation as to how you are thinking about how your NIM is going to traject in a rising rate scenario? Because I got a few questions on whether the deposit betas being a little faster means that the NIM trajectory is likely to be different from last time rates rose for you guys.

Question_37:

          Okay, because the last time rates rose your NIM didn't move up that much.

Question_38:

          This is actually Steve dialing in for Gerard. Just two follow-ups. You had mentioned the credit downgrades; I believe you said oil and gas. Were there any other sectors, and if there were, just some figures on them?

Question_39:

          Okay, great. Thank you. And just a second follow-up. Can you just give us your mortgage duration and how far you are willing to take it?

