Answer_1:

          Yes. 

Answer_2:

          There are a couple of different questions in there and maybe I'll try and separate them. My comments about the seasonality in the fourth quarter were most particularly towards Markets revenues and less so towards the IB revenue space. With IB revenues, it's a mixed story. Talking now about the sort of Banking revenues rather than Markets revenues. So the pipeline for M&A remains very constructive and really pretty good, so we're expecting to continue to have strength in M&A in the fourth quarter. 
With ECM you saw obviously a pretty sharp falloff in activity in the third quarter. We have seen the pipeline in ECM to the degree that that shows you visibility into the fourth quarter which is somewhat limited. We have seen that build up and so there is possibility that we'll be able to pull through some of that into the fourth quarter. But that will depend upon how the markets behave. 
With respect to DCM, our sort of guidance there was a commentary really mainly to the strength of the fourth quarter last year and on relative basis, the pipeline is down. And it's really to do with normal refinances are slowing and the maturity wall is smaller but it's still healthy. It's just not going to be at the same levels that we saw last year. 

Answer_3:

          Look, the situation for us in markets was one where there was volatility, regardless of you how you want to characterize it, and people were acting -- our clients were acting on the back of that. We were able to capitalize on that flow. We were able to intermediate for our clients, put our capital [at risk and make] some money. We did pretty well where there was volatility. Where there wasn't, it was more about, to your point, more about low levels of activity, people on the sidelines. It was tougher to make money because less was happening rather than anything else more significant than that. So far in the fourth quarter we're two weeks in, it's too early to say, but there's not been a tremendous change in the landscape. 

Answer_4:

          Looking at the revenue rate, the guidance, remember our guidance previously had been you should expect our revenue rate to be at the low end of the 12% to 12.5% range. The most important thing we want you to take away from talking about our co-brand partners is that we feel great about having signed up United Airlines and Southwest Airlines and partnering with them again for the medium term. 
And the economics of those deals on a standalone basis are still really very good. But the co-brand space is very competitive and when any of those contracts are going to be renegotiated at this point, they're going to be renegotiated to competitive levels. And so, it's really the fact that we're seeing that is going to come through in our revenue rate in the fourth quarter which is going to push it down to below 12%. It doesn't change the fact that the ROE target for the business is still 20% and that the economics of those partnerships are still good. Remember, these -- 


          Just given the numbers, it's $200 million a quarter for four quarters until it lapse. 

Answer_5:

          So I would say, first of all, we gave some expense goals in Investor Day for both Consumer Businesses as well as for the CIB. And those were I think pretty sizable goals, $2 billion in 2017 versus 2014 for the Consumer Businesses and $2.8 billion in 2017 versus 2014 for the CIB. And we are working through that. We are on track in both of them. I think I said earlier that adjusted, the Consumer Businesses in the three quarters so far are $700 million down year-over-year in expenses. So against the $2 billion target, we're certainly getting there. 
And on the CIB, we expected 2015 to be mainly about forcing out those business simplification expenses and we've essentially done that too. So we're on track. We're pushing hard. We still have work to do. We are always going to be diligent on our expenses and generally speaking at Investor Day we also said we're going to be on or down which is actually pushing hard to keep them down but not at the expense of good investments in the business. So obviously we are going to respond appropriately to the revenue pressure but not overreact. 


          I've spoken my whole life about good expenses and bad expenses. Bad expenses are waste, things you don't need. You don't have [to trade through] processing, things like that. We want certain expenses to go up. When we find marketing opportunities in Card, we're going to spend it. If the Investment Bank does better, the comp accrual is going to go up. That's how we run the Company. That's not ever going to change. 

Answer_6:

          So Mike, thanks for that. So $700 million, if you adjust for legal expense in the Consumer Businesses year-to-date, we'll do some more in the fourth quarter. And year-to-date on business simplification, which I think for in total was about $1.5 billion, we've done $1.3 billion. In total, that's $2 billion so far. Obviously more work to do in 2016. With respect to the adjusted overhead ratio, it speaks a bit more to seasonality of revenues than anything else. 

Answer_7:

          I'll start. Jamie, you can yes or no at the end. Mike, we would say that the US economy is doing pretty well there. We're seeing good demand for loans in the Consumer space and reasonably good sentiment in the Business Banking space and our core loan growth numbers do show that. There's nothing particularly funky in the loan growth numbers. We do our very best to show them in the right light. 
I would take a slightly different perspective on the jobs report on the non-farm payrolls. And not to sort of over think it, but while I know it was somewhat lower than people were expecting or possibly hoping for, it's still at around 140,000, almost two times what would be required to have stable unemployment. So it's only one report too. You can't overreact to it. It's not that we're seeing anything that's causing us any concern and our outlook for the fourth quarter is pretty solid I think. Jamie, anything? 


          Nothing to add. 

Answer_8:

          We did better than we had targeted on our non-op deposits. We worked very, very hard but we told you we would on derivative notionals, compressionals, so our level 3 assets. It is absolutely the case, not to diminish the amount of work we've done and the progress we've made, that we obviously went after the most impactful -- least impactful to the client franchise, most impactful to the ratio with a less revenue [give-up] first. We made great progress. It becomes increasingly, not exponentially, but increasingly more difficult for every net basis point. 
That's not to say, by the way, that we aren't continuing to work very hard at it and optimize and that we won't push further. But we're not at a place right now where we're going to target anything structurally below this, except for over the longer term just continuing to work through it. And our overall capital target, we're at 11.4% now. Our overall capital target still in the short to medium term is still 12%. 


          I just want to add, in the new world we have to obviously monitor and push down to all the business levels, GSIB, CCAR, Basel, LCR and SLR, and we want to optimize all of them. So we're only living with this for a couple years now. As we embed it in our systems, we'll have a better way to track it and monitor it. Over time, I would expect the GSIB will come down a little bit. It only comes down in lumps. You got to make a big difference to go from 4% to 3.5% but imagine over time, I'm talking about years. I'm not talking about anything you'd see this quarter. We are very comfortable where we are today. Over years, you might have to change some of your business strategies but I think it's a better thing not to be an outlier in GSIB. 

Answer_9:

          It has nothing to do with next year, Betsy. When I say over time, it just happens that JPMorgan built a global corporate investment bank. 70% of it is financial institutions, 30% corporate. We easily could have been built the other way around, we focused on it over time. When I say over time, it might be quite easy for us to say that over five to six years let's focus more on corporates and less on financials and that will affect your GSIB fairly substantially. That's what I'm talking about. It has nothing to do with CCAR for next year or anything like that. 


          A couple of really small points on CCAR for next year for what it's worth is we were constrained in CCAR by leverage. We have issued $6 billion of preferreds in the year. We are reacting to try and make sure that we are managing our binding constraints or our most binding constraints. So we're working on that. 
The other thing to note is that we're at 11.4% as we sit here now. So we're not gliding a long way from where we need to get to. Both of those things together, with obviously our profitability, should mean that we have incremental opportunity. But our range is 55% to 75% and we hope to be in that range. 

Answer_10:

          So just a couple of things. First of all, I think the [FSB] thing was a sort of leak. So it's as good as it is. I will tell you that the news on structured notes was not strongly positive but we hadn't banked on it being. So not entirely pleasing but not disappointing relative to our models and expectations. 
Other things to pay attention to anyway are there's no change to the internal TLAC assumptions. The clean holding Company rule is one that we're watching out for. But fundamentally -- and then there was the timing. Is there going to be a substantially elongated transition period? I would call it all fairly marginal. It hasn't changed the overall picture for us. We're at around 16% and we'll figure out the FSB proposal that's leaked out wasn't shockingly different and we'll see how the Fed responds. 

Answer_11:

          So with respect to the fourth quarter, we are expecting our loans to grow and overall net-net [rotation out], cash and securities to loans would be supportive of NII. But remember, the biggest boost to our NIM was associated -- or was a big boost to our NIM was associated with changing the mix, reducing our overall cash balances. So, a few things going on. 
The outlook for the fourth quarter being relatively flat was associated with market implied rates which are relatively flat. And so in the law of big numbers, that plus or minus a few basis points is what we're expecting. With respect to looking out to 2016, obviously we don't know what's going to happen with the rate curve. If rates stay very flat we should still have upward pressure on our NII associated with the change in mix of our balance sheet. 
So the fact that we've got a smaller interest earning asset base and more loans and less cash and less securities should be supportive even on flat rates. We don't know when rates will rise but if market [implies] are followed or if the Fed [dots] or anything like realistic, then that will be even more constructive. Remember in the first year, we get the biggest benefit from short end rates and the first 50 basis points of them. 


          No, unfortunately not. 

Answer_12:

          So I would say that first of all, with respect to purchased credit impaired, with this release we did on the $375 million, that's our baseline expectation for that portfolio. Our baseline expectation is no material incremental reserves. Obviously if things improve and they're sustained, then there may be more reserve releases. But I wouldn't try and model those. 
With respect to the noncredit impaired portfolio we talked about, you've seen our charge-offs at normalized 14 basis points. Our portfolio quality is really getting quite high. We're cycling through most of the significant risks. Reserve releases will be more modest and a little bit more periodic and several hundred million dollars next year, maybe $300 million plus or minus but not significantly more than that. 

Answer_13:

          Look, our efficiency target at 55% was over three years or so and we still will be driving to get to around that level. But it does, as you quite rightly mention, include not just rates rising but a fair degree of normalization in rates. We'll see what happens in 2016. Obviously it's possible but we're not going to call an outlook on rates next year. 

Answer_14:

          Okay. So we've taken some large reserves in the last few quarters and our overall reserve number obviously is consistent with our expectations based upon the outlook for oil prices. There was a redetermination cycle that we reserved for in the first quarter and so there will be another one in the fall. We've been as forward leaning on that as we can be. Obviously I'm not saying that there may not be any net incremental reserve build but we're not expecting them to be significant. A lot of companies have tried to adjust their expense bases and otherwise help their position. So if energy prices stay around these levels and recover slowly, we're expecting, net, not to have material incremental reserves in the next quarter. We may see some. 

Answer_15:

          Let me deal first of all with production quarter-over-quarter revenues. Margins are down. Margins are down for two principal reasons. Remember, quarter-over-quarter, at least on a closed loan volume, we were at a consistent level. Margins are down because we moved a mix shift towards correspondent from retail towards purchase from re-fi as well as capacity in the industry, more capacity in the industry and therefore less constraints. So the production quarter-over-quarter revenue is more of a margin number than anything. 
With respect to year-over-year, I do want to make this clear. With respect to the guidance year-over-year that we should expect non-interest revenue for the mortgage Company in totality to be down $250 million. That brings our total year-over-year NIR down around $1 billion, maybe a little more, which is what we guided to at Investor Day. And it's more off the back of lower repurchase reserve releases, lower gains on Ginnie Mae sales and [XI] gains, non fee-based revenues that are to do with our third party UPB as well as run off in the UPB. So it's consistent with our guidance. It wasn't fully reflected in everyone's models. 
I think there was a third part to your question but I have to say I've -- oh, expenses, yes. Thank you. On expenses -- we continue to work very hard on our expense equation, both in terms of managing down the -- particularly in the servicing space by the way, managing down the default inventory in a number of different ways but also investing in our operating model. So in technology, to improve the production operations cycle process, also in our site strategy. So no, we are not done. We continue to work very hard at it. We have made great progress but we continue to work hard at it. 

Answer_16:

          Obviously, we're not going to comment on anything specific. We would be willing to take and we do take a look at things when they come up and if we are able to price for the risk and it's in a client segment or an entry we like we might be interested. But there's no -- we have no special comments on it. What we're really interested in is growing our underlying core loans with our customers that we can continue to do business with. 

Answer_17:

          Not as defaults happen. It's to do -- depends on whether it's reserve based lending or whether it's not. But as companies are either downgraded or as they are experiencing financial -- change in financial condition or the borrowing base is redetermined, we will act accordingly. We try to be as forward-leaning on that as is possible. We don't have perfect insight until some of that information becomes clear. That's the process. 


          And the reserve base lending, you basically take essentially current prices, you discount at a discount rate, you assume expenses, you [active real engineer] your force and things like that, and you see if you can make rollover the loan at a sound -- I'm going to call it 65% LTV and we think it's pretty good. That's what we're here for is to lend to clients particularly in tough times. You can't be a bank that every time something goes wrong you run away from your client. 
We also do things like stress test down to $30 oil, maintain $30 for 18 months and say, how much more reserve do you have to put up? I think I said somewhere, you can correct this number, Marianne, we're not in the same room, that if that happened, we think we're going to have to put up another $500 million or $750 million in reserves. Which is just not something we worry a lot about. 

Answer_18:

          Good evening. 

Answer_19:

          So it's obviously a really great question. Unfortunately we really don't guide to our forward-looking issuance. You're right, we are above 150 basis points right now and we're also working on our leverage balance sheet. So we're working the dials exactly what you would expect us to, but we're not going to make any comments about forward issuance. 


          Yep, I got it. 

Answer_20:

          The pipeline for 2016 is building up, so we don't have perfect visibility yet. We think obviously the deals that were being done in 2015 were skewed toward larger deals and we think there may be more flow in 2016 but it looks pretty healthy to us so far, but it's building up. 


          Thank you. 

Answer_21:

          I think over the last several quarters, forgive me if I'm slightly wrong but I don't think I'm entirely wrong, our sort of C&I growth has been broadly in line with the industry. Remember that over the course of 2013 and 2014, we did a lot of work on simplifying our businesses and that had an impact on the pace of our loan growth. But our mature markets are performing well. We're seeing growth in our expansion markets. We're adding new clients. We're culling our prospects. So everything is set to continue to see growth more going forward than we have in the past. 

Answer_22:

          There was about -- in CIB, there was about $47 million of metals and mining, about net-net $20 million of BAU growth and then just a few other normal BAU puts and takes, downgrades, upgrades. Other than those three things there was no one specific call out. 

Answer_23:

          Thanks, Chris. 

Answer_24:

          Of the $19 billion that we put on our balance sheet, around $10 billion, just a little over $10 billion was jumbo. The rest was conventional conforming. 

Answer_25:

          We'll have to get you the split. 


          I think the jumbo's like a third ARM. Counting the conforming, I think it's all fixed. That's what I remember. 


          We'll confirm for you. 

Answer_26:

          You are right that at these kind of 2.5%, 250 basis point levels in Card, it does speak to the quality of the loans we're originating and the engagement with the customers. Which is much more now about driving, yes, some NII but really, really good spend and therefore lower credit quality. It's an integrated equation. We're expecting, given our originations and the runoff portfolio, the work loans running off in the portfolio that we're building is really very, very clean. 
We're expecting that those charge-off rates to be low for the short to medium term, to read out for the next year for sure. And there will be a combination of things that would drive that. But largely it would be environmental. We don't expect at this point, we have made changes to our credit box but they aren't material changes and we'll continue to test our appetite to want to do that and that may have an impact. But we're originating the vast majority of our cards in the super prime sector. 

Answer_27:

          Similar, yes. Compared to the industry, our originations are skewed to the prime space. 


          And our LTVs are lower and our durations are in line or lower. 

Answer_28:

          The biggest comment I would make is that there was a lot of volatility, particularly in China, in the second part of or the last part of the second quarter. We were -- we did pretty well. We helped our clients. We didn't have significant open risk positions. We weren't very directional. We were able to do well in that situation. Also in the reversal, also on currency moves. It really is a comment I made about we're here to serve our clients, they were transacting, we were able to do risk intermediation in today for them and so we made money on both ends. 

Answer_29:

          Let me just talk qualitatively for a second and we'll get you some numbers. But we're focused on mobile and digital primarily because it's going to be great for the customer experience, it's what our customers want. And also because it's a significant enabler for reducing cost to serve and improving efficiency. So we've been very focused on whether it's quick deposit, whether it's quick pay, whether it's our mobile wallet, whether it's our mobile app and we've been seeing great results. I'm off the top of my head not going to be able to tell you the penetration rates but we can get back to you. 

Answer_30:

          I can tell you that we are growing our deposits nearly twice the industry. That we know. I think that's a reasonable indication for a bunch of different reasons and that we have a very highly rated app. I think the most highly rated bank app but we'll check that too. 

Answer_31:

          On the Fed funds and reverse repos, we had moved toward higher yielding, for example, emerging markets assets there. So we got some high yield there. We saw some yield on our trading book moving out of emerging markets. Just a bit of puts and takes. On securities, was it significant? I'm sorry, I'll come back to you. Operator, any more? 

