Answer_1:

          Good morning. 

Answer_2:

          So, again, I would say that the pipeline coming into 2016 in M&A was good, solid, up, in fact. Obviously, volatility can dampen the confidence of Boards and CEOs. Dialogues are pretty active, and we think the types of deals that we'll see in 2016 will look different. But I think, in the first couple of weeks, it's not been particularly strong, and we do need to see some of the stability come back, I think, for us to really see that conversion start to pick up. 

Answer_3:

          Yes, less mega-deals, more mid-sized deals, more cross border. It's a little different. Actually, more deal count, less big mega-deals, could be very constructive for revenue, but we're likely to see it be a little bit different in 2016. But honestly, the pipeline is good, and -- yes. 

Answer_4:

          North America will be a tough comp. It was very strong in 2015, but Europe could be very constructive. 

Answer_5:

          Yes. So, the way we do our reserves, just for context, because I think it's important is, obviously the oil price outlook is important and instructive. And it's very clearly going to drive how we think about probabilities of default and loss, given [default for] certain of our customers. 
But I think it's also the case, just for context, to know that it is very name-by-name specific. Specific conditions at clients matter greatly. And so when we do these estimates, they are directionally correct, and order of magnitude correct. But that's just for context. 
Oil -- we said last quarter, if oil reached $30 a barrel, and here we are, and stayed there for, call it, 18 months, you could expect to see reserve builds of up to $750 million. And that assessment hasn't fundamentally changed. 
So, it is not the current market expectation that oil will flatline. It is the expectation, right now, that there will be a modest recovery. Based upon that, we would expect to take some additional reserves, but for them to be more modest, less significant. But that's the range; if oil's at $30 and stays here for a long time, up to $750 million. 

Answer_6:

          I think, first, I'd say we try to be very conservative, always, and so we're not trying to put up as little as possible. You know me, I'd put up more if I could. But accounting rules dictate what you can do. 
And these are baskets of -- the real risk is in producing wells, cash flows are down. Surprisingly, the cost of getting the oil out of the ground has also dropped dramatically, and probably much more than most of us would have expected. 
So, you take these producing wells, you take the cash flow, you discount it at 8% or 9%, you lend against it. And so these are our forecasts. 
And our energy book isn't that large, relative to JPMorgan Chase. We're not worried about the big oil companies. These are mostly the smaller ones that you're talking about these reserve increases on. 


          I also think, Mike, just -- 


          And the forward curve is -- the end of the year, for 2016, I think is more like [$41] or [$42], or something like that. 


          Yes, it's [$48]. So, hey, Mike, the other thing to know about the profile of reserves -- three things. The first is, it's not linear. 
So, just the oil price decline, and the decline in the forward curve that we saw into December and to the end of the year, that's the impact it had on our reserves. It's fallen significantly in the first two quarters. That was not a knowable condition, and we can't reserve for that at the end of the year. That's why we said we would expect to take some more reserve increases in the next couple of quarters. 
But again, it's a name-specific thing. And lots of other conditions at clients matter, including their hedging, their cash flows, the level of security, all those things. 

Answer_7:

          We don't. 

Answer_8:

          First of all, the oil folks have been surprisingly resilient. And remember, these are asset-backed loans, so a bankruptcy doesn't necessarily mean your loan is bad. 
So, you have to be a little bit careful in -- and it's also, Mike, a philosophical thing. A bank is supposed to be there for clients in good times and bad times. So, it's not a trading market, where you try to support clients. 
So, to the extent we can responsibly support clients, we're going to. And if we lose a little bit more money because of it, so be it. 
And we've done that around the world. We did it in 2007 and 2008 and 2009. We try to do it responsibly. If banks just completely pull out of markets every time something gets volatile and scary, you'll be sinking companies left and right. 

Answer_9:

          Yes, so, let me just deal with where we are against our targets. So, the most notable targets were $2 billion in the Consumer businesses in 2017 versus 2014, and $2.8 billion in the CIB in 2017 versus 2014. 
You probably heard my comment, but to clarify, on an apples-to-apples basis, we're halfway through on Consumer. We've done $1 billion this year. You don't see that 100% translate into the results, partly because of legal expense, which is not something that we particularly can predict, and hopefully won't be there forever. Also, because we intentionally decisioned in 2015, in the fourth quarter in particular, or mostly, to increase our investments in the Consumer businesses by $150 million. 
So, we've achieved the $1 billion. We chose to reinvest a portion of it. Another $1 billion we're on track for. We will potentially reinvest some of that, too. And Gordon and we will talk to you about the basis for that at Investor Day. 
On the $2.8 billion in the CIB, we're $1.3 billion through at the end of the year. And we talked before about the fact that the first $1.3 billion is largely on business simplification. We've had the revenue decline. We need to have the expense decline, and we've worked hard to deliver that, and we have. 
The next chunk is to do with technology and operations and infrastructure and organization, and it's harder. And so, we will continue with them on track to deliver it, but it's going to be a job through 2016 and into 2017. 

Answer_10:

          Yes, I can give you some thoughts that won't totally satisfy you, which is our core expenses will continue to trend down, on the back of delivering against them. But we will make investment decisions that we think are good for the Company, accretive for shareholders, that will re-spend some of that money. And so we'll give you that shrink and grow at Investor Day. 

Answer_11:

          So, just on NII, yes, we are seeing, embedded in that NII, flat to up slightly. We are seeing a nice lift associated with the rate hike in December across businesses, as well as the continued benefit of the mix towards loans in our balance sheet. But we were flatted in our NII this quarter by $178 million on securities gains in CIO. So, that's going to mean the comparison is challenging, and then day count is obviously seasonal. 
So, that's the dynamic. We are seeing the rate benefit. We do expect to see it, as I said in my remarks, for the full year. 
Look, we think we are appropriately conservative on deposit [beta's]. It is not -- it is way too early to have any idea. There's -- virtually nothing has moved yet. And so, our job, and what we are doing, is paying very close attention to the competitive landscape. 
These deposits that we're talking about, that have the high beta's, are valuable deposits with valuable clients for us, and we want to be competitive and pay fair rates. But it's so early in the movie that we haven't changed much in our modeling assumptions. 

Answer_12:

          So, energy, Metals & Mining, we're watching very closely, industries that could have knock-on effects like industrials and transportation. But we're not seeing anything broadly, in our portfolio, right now. 
We're just watching very closely, which is why -- now, obviously, you can take our reserve build number, and you can say it's almost substantially all made up of Oil & Gas and Metals & Mining. And behind the scenes, we've had upgrades and downgrades of a number of other different companies, across sectors, but nothing particularly thematic yet. But we're watching. 


          I would just point our that Credit Card, Commercial Bank, middle market, large corporate credit is as good as it's ever been. So obviously, it's going to get a little bit worse. I wouldn't call it a cycle, per se. 
If you have a recession, yes, you will see a normal cyclical increase in all those losses. We're not forecasting a recession. We think that the US economy looks pretty good at this point. 

Answer_13:

          Yes, so, look, we talked about achieving 4% last quarter, I think; and for disclosure, we were quite close to 3.5%. At that point, it becomes increasingly compelling to want to look at the margin, for what you could do to get within the bucket. And so that is what we did in the fourth quarter, is spend time really focusing on getting to that achievable boundary, which we thought at that point it was. 
And remember, it's not nothing, in the year, that we started the year thinking we would exit $100 billion of non-operating deposits. And while there still could be some volatility in that number, of course, we've almost doubled that -- or doubled that, in fact. 
So, we got some wind to our backs in doing it. It's also the case that, when you get the entire Business and Company attuned to the sense of urgency and desire to want to be increasingly efficient in this way, that, at the margin, in a 100 different things, little benefits accrue. 
So, look, we're at about 3.5% -- we're just inside the 3.5% bucket, as best we estimate it. It's not as much important whether we're basis points or surcharge points below or above. It's much more what we do now to get safely in the bucket. And that's going to still take work. So that's why -- we'll obviously talk to you more about this at Investor Day. 
In terms of the give-up, from an economics perspective, we wouldn't have done it at any cost. We have done it because we think it is important to do, because we think it's going to be constructive for the Company, and because the revenue give-ups were not significant. But they weren't zero, either. But to be able to reduce a constraint that is, in one way or another, likely to bind us -- or in multiple ways, in fact, likely to bind us, it was a, I think, very good trade. 


          It was done, effectively, client by client. 


          Yes. 


          To make sure we were trying to do the right things for our clients; not just jamming our balance sheet down and hurting people. 

Answer_14:

          The US economy has been chugging along at 2% to 2.5% growth for the better part of five years now. In the last two years, it has created 5 million jobs. If you look at the actual household formation -- car sales, wage, people working -- it still looks okay. 
Corporate credit is quite good. Small business formation -- it's not back to where it was, but it's quite good. Household formation's going up. 
So obviously, market turmoil, we all look at it every day. But I'm not sure most of the 143 million Americans look at it that much, who have jobs; and you have a big change in the world out there. People are getting adjusted to China slowing down. When you have commodity prices go down like that, there are big winners and losers. 
The oil companies are the losers; consumer is a benefit. Brazil gets hurt. India benefits. South Korea benefits. Japan benefits. And those cause troubling waters. And hopefully, this will all settle down, and it's not the beginning of something really bad. 

Answer_15:

          Okay. So our total reserves, on balance sheet, for Metals & Mining, or notwithstanding we built $60 million-odd this year, is over $200 million. So the coverage ratio is pretty good. 
The exposure is about -- I haven't got the precise numbers in front of me. They're [about] a third the size of our exposure to Oil & Gas, so about 2% of our overall wholesale credit exposure; so, considerably more modest. Which is why, if energy prices and general commodities weakness and stress stayed where it is right now, even for an extended period, we would think that the incremental reserves would be considerably more modest. 


          And it's also -- that one is mostly name by name. 


          Yes, for sure. 


          It's not big asset-based reserves. It's just -- they're big corporate credits, name by name. 


          And for both Oil & Gas and Metals & Mining in our portfolio, Oil & Gas is close to 60% investment grade, and Metals & Mining about half. 

Answer_16:

          Yes, so, with respect to home equity [re-class], remember, the majority of the problematic home equity underwriting was 2005 through 2008. So here we are, at the beginning of 2016, with [pig filling the python]. But we're monitoring it closely, and we have some re-class that have happened. 
Obviously, interest rates are low. Home price appreciation, on the other hand, is your friend. So there are puts and takes. 
We've been monitoring it, I would say, at the margin, or more than at the margin, at the early stages, coming in better than we had modeled. And remember, from an incurred loss perspective, we would consider these re-class risks to be largely incurred, so we've tried to reserve them, to the best of our ability. So we feel good about our reserve. I don't think we've disclosed them. But so far, from a performance perspective, I would say slightly better than our models. But we continue to monitor it, because it's still relatively early. 

Answer_17:

          Good morning. 

Answer_18:

          So obviously, you'll forgive me because we've been on calls since it came out. But, yes, we have been working on this for years. 
The problem with this particular rule is that, as you stated, based upon the four QIS's that were done, there were some, I would characterize, significant challenges, with respect to the rules as written. And we were expecting there to be a number of meaningful changes, and there have been; in many cases, meaningful improvements. 
But it's very technical, and there's been a lot of changes, so we need to sift through it to figure out, net-net everything. Although it is clear that net-net, despite the fact of the stated intention of the committee wasn't necessary to increase market risk capital across the industry, it will be higher. But by how much, it's really going to need to be sifted through. 
And for that same reason -- for both those same reasons, I'm sorry -- for the reason that the rule has not been stable and there have been significant questions, many of which have been either addressed or partially addressed, and many, I guess, that have not, it would have been premature to have taken any actions in advance of figuring out where this has landed. And, as you know, the period to comply is three years. So it's more of a start from here, to figure out how to manage with this, after we've sifted through the details. 
So, I wish I were able to give you a little bit more of a detailed answer, but we're going to need to take the time to go through it. 

Answer_19:

          There are always actions that we can take to reduce the impact. And so, we have to think about them in the context of our overall capital optimization program. 
And, again, if there are -- if some of the things that we hoped -- and I -- honestly, I've been on calls since it came out. So, if some of the things that we hoped were going to be addressed have not, they could have had, or may have, meaningful impact on specific types of activity. And we will have to react accordingly. And, yes, we will take actions, if that's the right answer. I wish I could give you more details, but we just need to go through it. 

Answer_20:

          Good morning. 

Answer_21:

          Yes, so, I would say that, based upon our fourth-quarter balance sheet, given that market risk was a driver, given that balance sheet levels was a driver, particularly on standardized, we could give back, on standardized, as much as 10 to 20 bps of capital, of the 10.7% capital accretion. But the bigger point, on the RWA outlook, is that we expect to be bound, over the medium term, by standardized. And standardized is going to always have a neutral to upwards pressure, as we continue to grow these high-quality loans. 
So, even though the RWA, being at the $1.5 trillion-ish sooner than we expected, is obviously good news. Regardless of how much of that may, in the short term, revert, our job is going to be to continue to become more efficient, to try and keep it there, just given the natural upward pressure of the standardized calculations. We can become more efficient in advance, but we're unlikely to be bound by it in the medium term. So, that's what we're focused on. 
So, I wouldn't take the $1.5 trillion, and read through that we'll be continuing to decline from here on standardized. We'll be continuing to work hard to make sure that we can grow those loans that we love, but that have (inaudible) [risk weights] under a standardized basis. 

Answer_22:

          Okay. If I miss something at the end, remind me. 
In terms of how we think about buffers, just really conceptually, the Firm manages, and the Board has set for the Firm, a risk appetite. That risk appetite has a number of features, and capital depletion in a stressed environment is one of them. And so, when we think about setting buffers, we think about it just broadly in the context of allowing ourselves enough room to absorb losses that are within our risk appetite, and not have to take premature actions, from a capital perspective. 
So -- but having said that, our buffer has been pretty consistent, at the 50-basis-point level, for a reasonable period of time. And we'll update you on all of that at Investor Day. 
With respect to our targets, it's a little bit more complicated than minimum regulatory capital, because as you say, we're bound, potentially, by multiple constraints, and one of them may be CCAR. Plus --  it is CCAR, I should say. Because as you know, the first two quarters of this year, our capital distribution plans have already been approved. And we haven't done CCAR, so this is not any kind of prediction, but it wouldn't surprise you to know that it's unlikely that we will pay out 100% of our earnings in CCAR, going forward. 
So, we are on a path to continue to accrete capital, though we would like to move up in our pay-out range. So, given that we're still moving towards our 12% target, and we will update you if any of that changes at Investor Day. We're also, as you know, potentially going to understand whether or not the Fed changes any of the CCAR parameters, and whether that has an impact. 
So, at the moment, the best we know is that we're going to continue to accrete capital, albeit more slowly, as we hope to move up in the pay-out range, but we haven't done CCAR yet. And that's if the rules don't change. So, 12% it is for now. 

Answer_23:

          It's both. So, think about -- in a [rate-sat] scenario, when you can pick whether you believe the market -- whether you think the market is -- or whether you believe the [FONC docs]. And I think it's going to be data dependent, so we're not going to have a stated opinion on that. 
But because of the mix in our balance sheet in 2015, as well as our expectation of continued loan growth, we would expect mix to contribute about half of that. And defer 25 basis points about the next half because we are more sensitive to the front end of rates in the first 25 basis points. And you can see that in our earnings and risk disclosures. So -- even if we see nothing else. 
Now, obviously, we believe, and the market believes that you're going to see a couple more hikes. That would be, on average, another 25 basis points, and that would be incremental NII again. 

Answer_24:

          I would say I would think about them in a somewhat similar directional way, given that our balance sheet ended below $2.4 trillion, a little bit of it market delivered, a lot of it purposeful. But we do intend to continue to gather deposits and extend loans, and while you're -- and portfolio loans, as well. So, while you will see some securities balances decline and the like, I would say again, net modest growth, but modest, and very lending driven. 

Answer_25:

          Okay. So, in terms of the impact of rates, obviously there was a lot of monetary policy confusion. Broadly, in the fourth quarter, the ECB underwhelmed the Fed, was (inaudible). So there was a lot of confusion. But by the time the rate hike happened, it was obviously pretty well understood. We did see strong activity, or strong client activity, relatively speaking, on the back of that in the rates business, more so than necessarily about spreads. 
With respect to the Fixed Income business, we've always been very disciplined about how we think about the staffing levels and the expenses in that business. We've managed it very carefully. The compensation has come down across the trading businesses, and it wouldn't surprise you that some of that -- a lot of that has been in Fixed Income. And our business is at scale and productive. So -- 

Answer_26:

          You've seen, in Fixed Income -- we have a very good Fixed Income operation globally, around the world. Rates themselves don't filter through FICC trading directly. I think what Danny was talking about is, if you have healthy economies and confident investors, you have more volume in things like that. 
We do see a little bit of repricing taking place, in prime broker, repo, conduit, and some of those things run through FICC. So, that is going to take place as the world adjusts to all the new capital requirements. And obviously, there's a lot of seasonality in the business, which we've experienced for the last decade. 

Answer_27:

          Thanks, Erika. 

Answer_28:

          No, we've seen no real repricing in loans on the balance sheet. You have seen a little bit of -- people are getting other revenues to make up for their credit exposure. 


          Yes. Think about the bank loans as being relationship loans that need to be in the context of [broader] relationship, and everybody is competing for them. 


          They barely repriced in 2008 and 2009. Banks were continuing to lend at the existing price. But that was because they -- these were long-term relationships. The bank loan market does not reprice like the markets do. 

Answer_29:

          We haven't seen it. 


          Also, it's very, very competitive. Everybody has been chasing these loans, and so that's a factor, too. So, we haven't seen it yet. 


          And then, if you -- the number in middle market lending, if I remember correctly, if you look at it by client, 60% of the revenues are not loan related. So, clients -- they also know what their relationship is to the bank. And while we need to make a good return on capital, the capital applied to the client is only partially loan related. And that capital, on its own, doesn't earn an adequate return. Simple lending, on its own, is generally not an adequate return business. 

Answer_30:

          I think the better way to look at it is that people seem, in certain of our businesses -- and I mentioned those, and there are some other ones -- capital has been deployed, people have adjusted to the new rules, and you've seen pricing go up. Whether it goes up a lot -- I wouldn't count on it going up a lot more from there. 
The markets are going to be competitive at that point. But use of balance sheet, the cost has gone up; not loans, but most of the other stuff. 


          And remember, we think about our prime brokerage business going hand in glove with equity. 


          That's correct. 


          And so, while the repricing is helpful, and does -- at the margin, everybody is going to continue to always observe their pricing. We've built our platform internationally; Europe, we are seeing strong demand for our [synthetic pull-outs]. In Asia, we're adding clients -- we've got the wind to our backs. 
So, it's an important business to our clients. You're right, there are some other people, potentially, not going to be as aggressive. And if we can take share, we certainly will. 

Answer_31:

          Obviously, we expect any transition adjustment to go through equity. If we are able to adopt it early, we might do that. I'm not aware that we are. But I could be wrong about that. 

Answer_32:

          So, yes, obviously, it was -- I think if you add up [cleared plus] other servicing rules, print them out, put them on the floor and stand them next to me, they're a foot taller. So they are very complicated. There's a lot of operational complexity to complying, and we're working very hard at doing that. 
I will say, in the quarter, we did -- as part of being cautious about making sure that we're complying, our cycle times were a couple days -- a few days worsened. And so, volumes, our origination volumes, are a little lower than we would have otherwise seen; not a lot. And that's just timing, and it's just days. But not really from a financial results perspective, because of the way we recognize the revenue. 
So, I would call it a little bit of teething problems -- across the industry, by the way, not just us -- nothing significant. We are going to get the work finished, and so it's tough, but it is what it is. 

Answer_33:

          Yes, so, it's about 60% jumbo, 40% agency or conventional conforming, and it's a better execution decision. So, when we look at the better economics between selling or portfolio-ing the mortgage, we'll generally choose the better economics. But we also prefer the annuity nature of the NII -- the lower servicing risk, and the better capital efficiency. 
So, it has been the case, over the course of the last several quarters, that it has been the best execution to portfolio these mortgages. And actually, they are generating a nice return on equity. 

Answer_34:

          So we have had pretty big tax gains over the course of the last -- most notably, obviously, last quarter, over the course of the last couple of years. Most of those related to the, call it, 2003 through 2008 tax periods, when we were going through the financial crisis. And so, some of the matters were more complex, and we took appropriate reserving decisions on that. 
There are many less of those very complicated matters ahead of us, and so we wouldn't expect to see the same sort of size of tax benefits going forward as we've seen in the past. But we had some this quarter. So, we'll have a few. And generally speaking, they are, because of the nature of the reserving for tax, generally speaking, we take a conservative approach and the bias to the positive. But it could be much more plus or minus zero, at this point. 

Answer_35:

          30%. 

Answer_36:

          So, do I think it's plateaued? I think it remains incredibly competitive in card generally, in particular in the co-brand space. So, plateaued at a very competitive level, I suppose. 
But in terms of -- I'm not going to talk about any specific names, actually, Brian, in terms of the potential for repricing. It's an important part of our Business, and we're going to defend our Business. 

Answer_37:

          It's a Board decision, and so, neither have we received that guidance from the regulators, nor have we done CCAR, and had that discussion yet with the Board. But we have generally said that the Board likes to have the flexibility to increase dividends over time, and we have had our dividend most recently at or close to that soft cap. 
So, we would love that capacity, and I would imagine that, over time, it may be used. But again, it is a Board decision, not a management decision. 

Answer_38:

          From -- we do everything pro forma. So, first of all, I would say the following. Right now, my understanding -- and if I'm wrong, forgive me -- is that it's your spot balance sheet two years prior that would drive your G-SIB two years forward. But the reality, if you ask my opinion, given that we're going to be reporting quarterly going forward, and because of the likelihood that G-SIB may or may not feature into CCAR, I think it's going to be less important, necessarily, what you are at any one moment in time, but where you are projecting to be or stay. 
So, I suspect that we will get the benefit, potentially, of this, not today. We just closed our balance sheet. But I think that it's going to need to be a little bit more dynamic going forward, as it gets potentially introduced into stress test. 


          But I don't know that. 

