Answer_1:
Good morning, Brian.

Answer_2:
Brian, I know that everybody is keenly interested to hear what we have to say, but the truth of the matter is it's very, very early days. The new government is just forming as we speak. Negotiations need to be given some time to unfold and take shape. So it's really too early to hypothesize.
We would hope that we can continue to operate the way we are right now. But we will just continue to evaluate the landscape, as I'm sure you will, over the coming weeks, months and quarters, and plan accordingly. The most important thing is that we intend to continue to support our European franchise and clients throughout.

Answer_3:
So, on the card space, as you know, we have loans running off. We're replacing them all of the time. Over the course of the last couple years, since the end of 2013, we made some changes to our credit box and our credit risk policies very, very thoughtfully. And we've been monitoring them very closely.
And what we're seeing in terms of the loss rates and the seasoning of them is fully in line with our expectations. And these loans are coming on at higher risk-adjusted margins. So, the ROEs are at or above the portfolio ROEs. So, nothing that would speak to anything other than our full expectations for our credit risk appetite.
And with respect to Auto, not to speak for others, but obviously when you look at lower FICO scores and high LTVs and longer terms on top of each other in an environment where you've already seen used car prices soften some and they're likely to continue to do so, it's something to watch. And so we've been very, very thoughtful about that, not just today but as we've been going through the cycle. And not only on an absolute basis do we compare favorably in terms of LTVs and FICO scores and even terms to the industry, but we've been very, very careful in -- and low percentage of subprime origination -- very, very careful about looking at those layered risks.
So nothing in our -- and remember, for Auto this year, I think the charge-off rate's going to be 40-ish basis points compared to a long-run average of more like 60. We're sort of reverting to a more normal level, if nothing else. And used car prices will ultimately come down, and we're being thoughtful about that.

Answer_4:
Good morning, Jim.

Answer_5:
At the risk of not getting like overly complicated, the long-term debt expense -- our NII was flat with loan growth. And NII on loan growth being offset by long-term debt expense, which was largely to do with the hedging of non-dollar debt and just relative quarter-over-quarter small moves in currency levels and currency basis. So, I would honestly characterize it, not to sort of underplay it, as quarter-over-quarter noise.
Looking forward -- so when you look at our NIM, you have NII flat. You have the balance sheet growing, as we expected, both on loans and trading assets. So, NIM just naturally is down a few basis points. But we would be looking for NII to be up slightly in the third and fourth quarter, and for our NIM to be relatively stable.

Answer_6:
So, I would say there's going to be two things. First of all, obviously when you talk about Consumer, it kind of gets dwarfed by Card. So let's start with Card.
We are growing the portfolio. We added 4% core loans year over year in Card. So naturally, as the portfolio grows over time, you would expect to add to reserves. So there will be some of that, but I would characterize it as modest.
And then, as these vintages continue to season, we've been experiencing very, very low loss rates at circa 2.5%. They will trend up slightly. So there will be a little bit of rates impact, too, but again, as I say, with very accretive ROEs.
I would look forward and expect there to be some reserve adds over the course of the next several quarters on a combination of those factors, but for all the right reasons. And similarly, volume-wise in Auto we should see some adds, but again, in comparison to Card, modest.

Answer_7:
So, as you know, Erika, everything that we do, we do with a view to, first of all, the client franchise and making sure that we're supporting our clients. And then secondarily, with a view to all of our binding constraints. We will provide capital and access to the CIB. But also take into consideration our overall objective of making sure that we stay in the 3.5% G-SIB bucket. So we will continue to try and find capacity to be able to recycle it and grow high-ROE/high-ROA business.

Answer_8:
Not anything significant, no. I think you've got to compare it to the prior year, which was stronger, particularly this time last year in Asia. And that's less true today -- stronger in Europe, less strong in Asia. It's more of a regional story than any particularly significant items.

Answer_9:
Good morning, Betsy.

Answer_10:
Yes. So let me -- two pieces to the story. Yes, the guidance is $2 billion-plus year on year. You'll recall when we came in to Investor Day, we said we would expect $2 billion, rates flat. It looks like rates will be flat, at least in the front end at this point, at least for the majority of the year, if not the whole year.
You've seen already in the first two quarters that year over year we're up $1.4 billion. We were doing better than that on a combination of lower deposit bases reprices and also on strong loan growth.
But if you annualize that, that would be too high. We are going to have some impact in NII of the lower 10-year. It's not significant. But it will offset that to a degree. We would expect our NII to be between $2 billion and $2.5 billion up year on year -- largely strong loan growth, low reprice.

Answer_11:
I would say we've been doing a combination. We've been growing our deposits more strongly than the industry. So we continue to be net-net attracting more deposits than the industry, and also, as you say, a mix shift out of securities and into loans.
Our outlook for loan growth through the remainder of the year is to be at the higher end of our range. We said 10% to 15% core loan growth, and at this point, demand still seems robust. So we would expect to be at the higher end of that range. We certainly have been this quarter.
So at this point I would say that it's a combination of factors. And remember that the way we think about our investment securities portfolio also takes into consideration how we think about positioning the Firm's duration of equities. So all of those factors will contribute.

Answer_12:
If I get this wrong, I apologize. But I think it was actually we make $3.5 billion on the rates implied and $6 billion on normalized rates. But in any case, let me just talk about rates flat versus implied right now. And just because things can change so quickly, let's just focus on 2017.
Rates flat from here. So, with the 10-year at about 1.5% and IOER at 50 basis points, because of the loan growth, notwithstanding any sort of long-end pressure, we would still expect year over year our NII next year to be up between $1 billion and $1.5 billion, implied, which is actually not that much different from that. So it does have about 20 basis points better long-end rates by the end of 2017, but otherwise relatively flat through the end of 2017 would be about $0.5 billion more than that.

Answer_13:
Growing like a sunflower, not like a weed.

Look, I'll say a couple of things. The first is, a lot of that growth is commercial term lending. And it is the case that we have the technology and a process that has speed and certainty of execution, and competitive funding costs. So it is the case that it's a value proposition that we're able to bring to clients, I think, that differentiates us. We're able to close in times that are a fraction of what the industry is.
Secondarily, we're really concentrated on identified, supply-constrained markets, low-rent stabilized. So these are not the same properties that had problems in the past. We have -- since the previous cycle, we have looked carefully at our underwriting, and there are some things and some regions and some products that we either don't do or do significantly less of. So we're very, very careful. But we're looking at some really good credit quality in our commercial real estate portfolio right now.

Answer_14:
So I would say in the CIB, it's also a revenue story. So you need to consider both factors (multiple speakers).
So let me talk about where we are on the expense commitments. And you'll recall that -- whether you remember a $4.8 billion number or a $5.5 billion number in total, we're about 70% of the way through delivering against that across the CIB and the CCB at the end of the second quarter, and we continue to make progress.
In the CCB, obviously, it is generally more progressive. And in the CIB, it's a bit more about technology and operations, and it takes some time to deliver that.
But fundamentally we continue to chug through that. And we will get there over the course of the next several quarters. So I would say in line with our expectations, and is a contributing factor.

Answer_15:
So I would say the comp-to-revenue ratio is an outcome, just for what it's worth. Obviously we try to give the range to give people an idea. We pay competitively and we pay for risk-adjusted performance.
But there's nothing notable going on. We've been actually at the lower end of our range for a little while now.

Answer_16:
So it's always a little tricky. The share thing is going to become clearer with a rear-view mirror than it is necessarily at a moment in time. It does feel like we are doing fairly well competitively, not just against European banks, but just generally. And not just in Europe, but generally, because we, as you say, have continued to be there for clients across products, across the globe.
So I would say that we feel like we are doing fairly well. We'll know whether that is share gains when we are able to actually look at that in the rear-view mirror.
But there's still plenty of competition out there. So we're just focused on serving our clients the right way. But it does feel a little bit like we're doing well.

Answer_17:
I'm going to try to tell you as best I can, if you can hear me. So, number one, we do think it will reduce the GDP, the UK and the EU, a little bit. And obviously that's not going to affect our business plans. That will affect the economies a little bit.
Number two, we know it's going to create uncertainty for an extended time period. So we don't think we can answer or make certain all these things you want to know because there are a lot of parties involved. We are hoping that the political leaders are very sensible. It makes sense for both the EU and for Britain to think through the process to make it sensible, whatever changes they make, to give businesses time. I'm talking about years -- time to adjust to the new reality, which we don't know what it is.
I think the most important thing is that we will continue in every single country to serve our clients day in and day out. If it adds extra cost, so be it. I'm not really worried about it. It would be nice if it doesn't create huge turmoil.
I'm hoping the EU is sensible, but we're going to be prepared. As Marianne mentioned, there's a range of outcomes. Any one (inaudible) we'll try to be prepared for each one of them.
We're not going to, like, pull back on serving people in Italy, Germany, France, UK or Spain because it might lead to higher costs. I would accept the higher cost, as opposed to disrupt our clients.

I would also point out, Mike, that competitively we are not in this situation alone. And so we're going to take our time to work out what the right course of action is. And obviously we'll update you as and when that becomes clearer.
We're not going to be at a competitive disadvantage. If anything, as we talked about earlier, we feel like we're in a position of strength.

Answer_18:
The truth of the matter is, it's a bit early to say for that, too. I hate to continue to repeat that.
I will tell you that, generally speaking, uncertainty is not particularly conducive or constructive for M&A. But in this case, I think there are some offsets. So I would start with, in terms of the actual strategic dialogue with CEOs and at the boardrooms, it is as good as it's ever been.
If you think about the other factors that would be supportive of M&A, like cheap financing globally, low organic growth, good multiples, solid economy in the US and globally notwithstanding a bit of the steam taken out in Europe or the UK, all of that should continue to be supportive for strategic M&A. At the end of the day -- and currency could be supportive of cross-border activities. So there are puts and takes.
I'm certain that there will be some people who think carefully through the right timing and what to do. At the end of the day, the strategic proposition should ultimately win out in most cases. And similarly, volatility, generally speaking, is not particularly conducive in terms of ECM, but investor appetite is still there, and there have been deals priced post-Brexit.
It's a little early. There's still activity. Volatility is reasonably subdued at this point. And I think, because there are no event calendars out there right now, there's still quite a lot of opportunity in the space. Obviously, DCM, low rates would be a tailwind, notwithstanding the M&A and ECM landscape.

Answer_19:
So I'm going to start with the second part of the question. So we are still very much concentrated in the prime and near-prime space, but we have a higher percentage of our origination in the near-prime space, reasonably meaningfully higher over the course of the last couple years.
So where we may have previously been, I think 40%, above 760. Now that's less than that, and there's more like 20% or 30% below 700. By the end of the day, still pristine credit, relatively speaking.
With respect to delinquencies, is it a cure rate issue? Not specifically, no.

Answer_20:
We're not really doing much in the way of 2017 guidance right now. It will ultimately honestly depend on the opportunities we see in front of us to continue to invest and to add customers.
I think we're at a very good run rate of investments. We've increased reasonably significantly in terms of marketing dollars and also lease growth. That will drive profitability in the medium to longer term.
So it's possible, if we see the opportunity to continue to do that, we would do it. But we have no specific guidance yet.

Revenue environment can change reasonably quickly, particularly, as you know, with rates, and to a lesser degree, markets. We're not going to overreact to a short-term phenomenon.

Answer_21:
Yes, taxes much -- generally speaking, the reserve changes are somewhat episodic. Outside of those, yes, 36% is a good central case for our managed tax rate.

Answer_22:
Good morning.

Answer_23:
So starting with the qualification that obviously, as you suggested, it's going to be market dependent, but also remembering that we knew when we gave the guidance that we would expect the second half to be seasonally lower. So here's what I would say -- first half, market challenged; second half, markets better. Net-net, first quarter markets challenged; second quarter better. Net-net, first half relatively flat year over year. So, call it a wash, with the acknowledgement that we knew we would expect seasonal declines in the second half of the year.
Mortgage better -- so you may recall that we said we would expect mortgage revenues to be down year on year, actually by a reasonably significant amount. Given obviously where the rate environment is, as well as some positive MSR results in the first half of the year, we would expect mortgage revenues to be more like flat. And against that, to your point, lower IB fees and lower Asset Management revenues, given the environment.
The way I would characterize it is there are puts and takes, but net-net it's still a reasonable central case. So we are not changing it. But it's market dependent.

Answer_24:
So I would say if you look at the last three years of PPNR, notwithstanding that there have been obviously differences in the scenarios, 2015 CCAR results, so not this year's but last year's, were low. Not to say that means that these results are more normal. I would say if you look at the three years and look at the PPNR results now, it's more consistent with the sort of portfolio risks, revenue generation we would expect. And you can see that because it's much more consistent with our results.
So I don't have insights that I can share with you specifically to try and reconcile the Fed's results year on year, nor do we really try to do that. You're right -- operational risk is likely a piece of it. And that was disclosed in that information. So I would just say, there can be volatility but I feel like this is not an unreasonable place to think the PPNR would start, and it's consistent as you can see, relatively speaking with what we calculated.
In respect to what that means for what's most binding, what it does mean is if you look at the analysis that we've done a couple of years in a row now, where we've said using the CCAR results from the Fed, what would that imply a CET1 ratio would need to be to pass, it had previously been a little less than 11%. With the improved PPNR and, therefore, the improved result, at this point, it would be a little less than 10%.
So in that context, as we sort of look forward, sometime in the near future, maybe in the third quarter, to getting the sort of 2017 CCAR changes in proposed form hopefully, it will alleviate to a degree a little bit of that pressure. But I still would suggest to you, as we said at Investor Day, that CCAR may, depending on how the G-SIB surcharge is included in the minimum, may become binding, if not likely will become binding. And so we'll continue to take that into consideration as we go forward. And we are already taking it into consideration as we think about optimizing against the multiple binding constraints we have.

Answer_25:
We think about using all of our channels based upon obviously the demand, and our capacity and our appetite to want to continue to close strongly for our customers. We've obviously also been focused in the anticipation of it becoming a more purchase-oriented market very much on building out the retail channel and the retail distribution channel, and that's been very successful.
So there's less correspondent contribution this quarter. It is a lever we will likely use going forward.

Answer_26:
At this point, I'd still say -- at this point, we would still say it will be episodic. And while we are hopeful that the overall structural costs will start coming down, or has come down, and that's a good thing, there will still be potentially some puts and takes in the legal space.
There's no real way obviously of forecasting a run rate. I would just do what many of you have done, I think, and go back and look at what the legal expense looked like in the years preceding the crisis, and make your own determination whether it's going to be structurally a little higher. But it probably wouldn't be multiples of that.

Answer_27:
Okay. So it was particularly strong in rates, but nevertheless also very strong year over year in currencies, emerging markets, credit trading, [SPG]. So it was pretty broad-based.
But remember, you also have to think about it relative to the equivalent course of last year, and we didn't have a particularly strong second quarter last year. So on a relative basis, that is an important factor, but it was pretty broad-based -- more volume than anything.
And then seasonality, I'm sorry -- look, it's anyone's guess. I think you can go back and look over time. But last year we saw -- we had a weak second quarter, as I said. So we didn't see as much seasonality. But if you look at the last quarter's run rate, I don't know that would be a bad place to start -- last year's third quarter run rate would not be a bad place to start.

Answer_28:
I'm going to start with a couple of general comments, which is, we talked about the fact that the charge-offs that we've experienced in the quarter were credits that we had previously reserved for. So we're at the point now where at least as a sort of basic matter as we're experiencing charge-offs, we feel like we're in a reasonably good reserve position, notwithstanding that idiosyncratically there may be additional adds.
What we would need to see is continued firming of sentiment in the sector, continued access to capital markets to allow companies to repair their balance sheets, and continued stabilization if not improvement in oil and gas prices. And so everything is constructive on that path, but it needs to continue along the same path.
And yes, we are growing our portfolio. And so even if it were not for energy, we would, all other things equal, be adding to reserves, but there are also time to (inaudible) pay down -- a lot of puts and takes, too.

Answer_29:
So, I mean, just to say -- we obviously have our own spend data to look at, and it continues -- the Card spend is up 8% year on year. Energy continues to be a tailwind for consumers. The labor market continues to be solid and improving. And sentiment is still good. Housing, still improving.
So I mean, really just looking at the same things you're looking at, and we obviously have a slightly different lens to it. But all other things equal, consumers are in very good shape, and demand is there for the product. And we've been investing outside of consumer in new products -- inside Consumer, sorry -- in the Freedom Unlimited space and also in marketing. We're growing, not only because the demand is there but also because we're investing.

Answer_30:
Our second-quarter results reflect everything that we have and we know of at the end of the quarter. And we're not going to make any specific comments on regulatory exams.

Answer_31:
Not specifically. I'm not sure; I haven't polled the dealers myself. We continue to have very high FICO scores. I'm not aware of that, but I can't comment.

Answer_32:
In our portfolio at this point, no.

Answer_33:
So we are expecting refi to be stronger in the coming quarters; and the mortgage market, as best we can tell, will be at around $1.7 trillion, $1.8 trillion this year.

Answer_34:
So we've done one, and we're looking at more securitizations in the mortgage space. And we are keeping a vertical stripe. We're retaining the loans on our balance sheet -- or the securities on our balance sheet, I should say. And in doing that we've been able to get private capital to take the majority of the lower credit risk and get better capital treatment for ourselves, in terms of the RWA that it attracts.

Answer_35:
New originations.

Answer_36:
I'll just start by sort of orientating you on why that would be the impact for us. If you look at our balance sheet and you look at what we have in fixed rate loans versus what we have in either IOER or in LIBOR loans, it's about $650 billion. So we're much more sensitive to the front end of the rate curve.
If you look at our earnings at risk disclosures, a 100-basis-point parallel shift would be around $800 million. And so obviously we haven't seen, and won't hopefully see, anything of that order of magnitude. That kind of gives you an ability to size up, notwithstanding compounding, why you've only seen our NII relative to prior expectations come down by that much.

Answer_37:
So I think earlier on the call somebody else asked the question, and I made the comment that it's really more related to the results from our hedges of non-dollar debt, long-term debt. And so in the first quarter, the dollar weakened. In the second quarter, it strengthened. And with some currency basis in the first quarter that we didn't see in the second quarter, it really is, not to dismiss it, but it really is accounting and nothing really else than that.

Answer_38:
No shift from our desire to want to be with engaged customers and our rewards programs. Our products are all geared towards that. So it's really just a credit decision. And, yes, we do have relationships with many, many customers in that still near-prime space.

Answer_39:
Yes. So look, obviously P2P real-time payments is very important to our customers, so therefore it's important to us. It's also important for us on the industry that it's done in a safe and secure way.
And so early warning, the fraud protection that they are able to provide, as well as bank-level cyber security and the absence of a need to provide your bank credentials we think is very strongly positive for our customers. And we expect to see volume go across that.
As you know, we have QuickPay already, and we saw reasonably significant volume, $21 billion, on QuickPay last year and growing. So I would expect to see more and more P2P payments. And it's good for our customers, it's good for us.

If you look at the whole payment space, Chase Paymentech is gaining share. Chase Net is doing very well. Chase Pay, we've signed up lots of different people. One piece of that is the P2P.
Today, right now, if you use Chase QuickPay, it's very easy within Chase to Chase. It's now just as easy to go from Chase to a bunch of other banks, who I won't name now. We've just started rolling out -- it's soon to be rolled out to 60% of American banking accounts.
And then we're going to make it available to all banks. So you will be able to go P2P, real time, through Chase QuickPay, there will be a special app for Chase QuickPay. It'll also be branded under another name, which we haven't rolled out yet, which I think will be rolled out shortly.
I think it's a great success that the banks can get together and do this. This will be great service, which I think shows you the banks making progress on what you would have called prior fintech.

