Question_1:
Hi, can you talk about the competitive environment in capital markets? You had a strong growth. Is that due to better markets, better share or both?

Question_2:
Specifically versus the European banks, are you looking to use your balance sheet more to gain share?

Question_3:
Hi, thanks very much. Curious on Card delinquencies ticking up. I know you've been guiding towards that but when you see it it's the only part of credit that has anything but great trends.
You mentioned on your comments newer vintages will have a higher loss rate than the portfolio average. Do you mind just drilling down a little bit more color on what exactly is driving that? Is that going down credit a little bit or is that just expected season as you'd thought?

Question_4:
Fair enough. Fair enough. Just one follow-up.
If I could get just a high-level comment on has anything materially changed in terms of rate or curve sensitivity as you remix the portfolio? And as you are getting all this great loan growth I'm just curious on the current positioning.

Question_5:
Hey, good morning. I had a question on the Card strategy, and I know we all know that you've created the closed loop and you are using that in part it seems to drive really efficient pricing in the marketplace on the credit card products.
What I'm obviously seeing is an increase in share on card issuance. You are taking some nice share in the merchant space, as well. I just want to understand what the goal is and how far you are willing to push this, market share versus ROA, ROE.

Question_6:
But is it fair to suggest that part of the market share improvement here is coming from some give-up of profitability and the underlying question is really how much market share do you want in this business? You are already at 18% to 22% market share of the credit card space depending on which numbers you want to use.

Question_7:
Thanks, good morning. Marianne, you mentioned that part of the increase in Consumer cost this quarter was planned investments and that you are continuing to self-fund.
I'm just wondering as you think forward and we get past this good gear that you've had, will that be an underlying expectation for you guys, again with the understanding that the revenue environment will always take things up or down? But do you have an aspiration that you can continue to keep costs flat?

Question_8:
Understood. And if I can come back to another investment day point from earlier this year, you had mentioned that you felt comfortable with an 11% CET1. You plan to get to your CET1 to 12%. You are at 12.1% now already.
Just within the construct of Governor Tarullo's recent commentary, does 11% still feel like the right time? Did you sense anything from the commentary that would change your philosophy around where you'd like to live in that potential comment you made at February to potentially go above 100 if, in fact, this was the right mechanism?

Question_9:
Good morning. Maybe just a quick follow-up on FICC in your commentary and maybe you can have a broader commentary around how the widening LIBOR or rising LIBOR yields helped your businesses across the board in FICC or anywhere else? Just help us understand how that's playing through the income statement.

Question_10:
Fair enough and maybe just a follow-up on deposits. You guys have had very good trends in retail but on the institutional side there was quite a bit of flow looked like, as well. Any particular drivers there, was it money market performed helping the flows in institutional or something else?

Question_11:
Good morning. In light of some of the selling issues over at Wells Fargo, I was just wondering if you've thought about reevaluating how you approach the consumer, how you compensate staff. And this was, obviously, not a JPMorgan-specific question, but just for the overall industry I think it's something folks are wondering about.
There's clearly some stuff that's black-and-white that you shouldn't do. But I think we also worry that there might be some gray areas that are somewhat less known. So just how are you thinking about the way you conduct business and compensate staff in light of what's going on?

Question_12:
Hi, good morning. Just a question you, back to CIB, you had a slide during Investor Day that showed a walk to $19 billion of expenses by 2017.
If some of the factors that you mentioned that drove revenues into CIB higher repeat for 2017 is that $19 billion number still achievable? Or I guess a better way to ask it, will any incremental revenue uplift from here fall to the bottom line?

Question_13:
Got it. And just as a follow-up to that, a follow-up to Ken's question actually, he mentioned the stress capital buffer. Outside of the static balance sheet and capital distribution offset, is there an element to this in terms of just getting better at the test that you could do to reduce that stress capital buffer without actually taking risk down significantly?

Question_14:
Hi, this is Tim Hayes for Paul Miller. Can you give any color on your outlook for margin throughout 2017?
To me, Fed commentary suggests that rates could remain low and potentially hover around these levels over the next 12 months. So how can we think about your NIM in that type of scenario? And then what would a December rate hike do for your outlook?

Question_15:
Okay, thank you. And then switching gears, your CRE and C&I lending was pretty strong this quarter and regulators have, obviously, grown a little bit more cautious on those segments. So I was just if you could give any color for your outlook on lending to those segments going forward.

Question_16:
Thanks very much. Marianne, at a conference just before the end of the quarter another bank talked about improving underwriting conditions in the auto lending space, particularly in the mid to lower FICO range. Are you seeing anything similar?

Question_17:
Sure, sure. I think the reference was to below 700 which includes the bottom end of the prime segment, which has been an area of intense competitive focus. I'm just wondering if you've seen anything in that segment?

Question_18:
Got it. And is that influencing your reserve expectations for Consumer at all?

Question_19:
Hi, good morning. So, Marianne, I appreciated your remarks on the latest guidance from Tarullo relating to G-SIB capital.
One of the questions we've been getting from a lot of folks is because this SEB is calculated based on stress losses year-to-year and historically CCAR results have been pretty volatile, I'm wondering how you are thinking about the appropriate management cushion or buffer above the minimum? Historically it had been about 50 bps just for AOCI volatility and maybe operational risk losses, but do you now have to also handicap CCAR volatility when thinking about that cushion?

Question_20:
Understood. One more question, just thinking about capital management priorities, given that the new proposal as you noted allows for curtailment of the buyback or termination of the buyback and then curtailment of the dividend halfway through the test, do these changes as well as the softening of the 30% dividend cap alter your thinking about how you prioritize buybacks versus dividends?

Question_21:
Thank you. Good morning, Marianne.
I had a question, you pointed out that about three quarters of your credit card acquisitions organic growth were coming through mobile channels or digital channels I should say. Can that be moved over to other Consumer products or is it just unique to credit cards that you are going to be able to generate that much growth through the digital channel?

Question_22:
Okay, thank you. And then as a follow-up, obviously third-quarter results in Investment Banking were very strong.
Fourth quarter seasonally is weaker than third quarter as you pointed out. Are there any other reasons why you think the fourth-quarter numbers may be weaker than the third quarter, other than the traditional seasonality?

Question_23:
I just wanted to follow up on FRTB and Basel IV and how you are thinking about the implications for JPM at this stage?

