Question_1:

          Hi, thanks. Good morning. Marianne, I was just wondering -- I know you'll give us more at Investor Day, but just in terms of that first quarter starting point for NII, and just how it translates between growth in the balance sheet? And then, you mentioned the benefit from the roll over in rates, can you help us just try to think about -- just you parse those views out, and think about volume versus rate? 

Question_2:

          Understood, great. And if I could ask a follow-up? Just on the volume side, you had another great year of double-digit loan growth. And obviously, we're at this intersection between kind of the what was, and then the what will be. Any change to that expectation you could just grow the loan [bit] book, a core loan book that is, as strongly as you have in the past few years? 

Question_3:

          Hi, good morning. 

Question_4:

          I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the forward look. NII up a bit, but also expense is up a bit. And I just wanted to understand is that because you've got the opportunity to reinvest in things that you haven't been able to? And if you could just speak to what kind of time frame the reinvestment will yield returns, because the question I've gotten from people is, why aren't you dropping the NII benefit to the bottom line here? 

Question_5:

          And then related follow-up has to do with, how you're thinking about the excess cash you've got, and the balance sheet duration? And if there's anything in this new interest rate environment that you would be seeking to do -- (multiple speakers) to optimize -- 

Question_6:

          Okay. So no change to the duration? 

Question_7:

          Hi, good morning. Marianne, I was wondering if you could comment a little bit about some more color in card trends? You have exciting new products out there. How are the economics of the Sapphire Reserve card been coming in relative to your expectations, and what factors drove the decision to cut the original  promotion award back, and should that affect your account acquisition costs? Thanks. 

Question_8:

          Okay. And just as a follow-up on that, in terms of the card, credit quality, it's been very good. Would you still expect to see though some seasoning as the book matures? What kind of outlook would you have on the card charge-offs? 

Question_9:

          Hi, good morning. I know that you've said previously that regulatory reform or regulatory relief will unlikely have any fundamental change in terms of how you're thinking about budgeting. But I'm wondering if you could help us understand, sort of over the past few years, how much has regulatory costs grown, and has that peaked anyway? And can you give us a sense of how that could trend over the next few years, either the natural trend of it, or what the impact would be of regulatory reform? 

Question_10:

          Great. And just as a follow-up to John's question on card trends, when you look at the card revenue rate declining about 200 basis points or so year-over-year, is your response to this question essentially implying that we've potentially hit peak promotion in 2016, and perhaps the revenue rate will have some stability to it in 2017? 

Question_11:

          Hi. Is Jamie on the call? 

Question_12:

          So Jamie, your comment said that the US economy may be gaining momentum. 

Question_13:

          If you can give some of the basis for that comment, is it more risk borne by investors, or more CapEx by companies, or is this more hope? 

Question_14:

          Is that enough for you to say you're going to invest a little bit more, or hire more people, or expand a little bit more? And along those lines, how do you see market share gains potentially from now? 

Question_15:

          Why are you saying this might be a little bit more than just weather, that this might be more sustainable, when you say the economy might be turning? 

Question_16:

          Hey, good morning. Maybe we could talk a little bit about the investment bank? Obviously, your peers and a lot of investors have been growing in their optimism for this year, in terms of animal spirits and everything else, and just want to get a sense of how you're thinking about it? Do you share that optimism, and any commentary on how we can think about both banking and trading into the New Year, with all of the moving parts that we have around policy, et cetera? Thanks. 

Question_17:

          Okay, that's helpful. And maybe as a follow-up. On the expense side, the comp ratio in the investment bank, I think dropped around 240 basis points this year or last year. Do you think that's sustainable into 2017, assuming flat to up revenues, or was there anything unusual in there? 

Question_18:

          Yes, thank you very much. Hey, Jamie, one of the things that we're seeing, some of the new politicians, coming in talking about opening up to credit box, especially in the mortgage world that has been really shut down over the last years, mainly due to the rules coming from all of the things, Fannie, Freddie, [UB]. What type of things do you need to see or do you think they can do to open up that credit box, where banks can take more risk and be protected? 

Question_19:

          Hi, thanks. 

Question_20:

          Hello, there. So I guess the question for either one of you is, if we do get some lower taxes and/or a better rate environment, I'm curious on your confidence on how much of that can fall to the bottom line? Because there's a lot of optimism about what can happen if stocks have moved well, we're expecting that to move to the bottom line. There's the big concern that people have is, that it gets competed away by irrational behavior. So curious to get your thoughts on that, just big picture in general, if things go well how much of that are you repaying? 

Question_21:

          So when should I take that lower tax rate out of my model? I'm kidding (laughter). 

Question_22:

          The real follow-up I had was, that the concept of interest deductibility, if that is the means that they use to pay for the tax hikes, it feels tough, like a bad thing. I'm just curious on how you think it impacts your franchise, from anything from debt underwriting to anything else? 

Question_23:

          If I could circle back to the discussion on net interest income and the rate leverage. I think the outlook for net interest income to grow over $3 billion versus $1.5 billion before the rate increase. That's obviously a nice lift for just a 25 basis point bump on the short end. So I guess, one, does that include the benefit of longer term rates since they've moved up as well since 9/30, which I assume it does, but just to confirm that? And secondly, what's the leverage to rising rates from here, as we think about movements in both the short and long end? 

Question_24:

          And that is actually  -- getting to my follow-up question. I  mean, on the size of the balance sheet, you did talk about loan growth of about 10% this year. If you look full year 2016 versus 2015, the balance sheet or the earning assets only rose 1%. So maybe tie that into, as you think about duration, the fact that you're sitting on a lot of liquidity and cash, and how we should think about both overall growth in the balance sheet, and then potentially some more remixing? 

Question_25:

          Hi, good morning. 

Question_26:

          Just a quick question on the credit and reserve releases, as it relates to the energy and metals and mining portfolio. Now that you've actually seen some better credit in there, how much of the reserves are left in that portfolio, and can you still see reserve releases going forward? 

Question_27:

          Okay, thanks. And then, also on CRE, again strong loan growth year over year. I mean, I understand that you're focusing in these housing-constrained markets, but is there a limit to how much you can grow in those markets? 

Question_28:

          Thanks very much. Marianne, just to follow-up, a couple more questions on card. I know you've talked quite a bit about it already. But one of the sort of conventional wisdoms at the moment is that 2016 represented the pinnacle of the intensification of the competitive environment. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on whether that's an accurate assessment or not? 

Question_29:

          Great. And just on that point, the ROA expectations that you have as a consequence of the trends that you just underscored, do you consider these to be, sustainable as you get back to that 11% kind of revenue yield? 

Question_30:

          Hi, Jamie. I wanted to start off with a big picture question on the trading side. You made some recent remarks talking about the outlook for the [FICC] business, and alluded to roughly half of the declines versus the peak being attributable to cyclical as well as secular factors, and a lot of FICC optimism in particular that we've spoken with have really latched on to your remarks. And I was hoping you could provide context as to how you determine the 50/50 split. Should we be taking those comments so literally? And how you're thinking about the FICC fee [portfolio] trajectory overall, as some of those cyclical headwinds abate? 

Question_31:

          Thanks, Jamie. That's extremely helpful color. And Marianne, maybe just switching over to the expense side for a moment. You also provided very helpful detail on some of the drivers of the strong expense progress that you're seeing in CIB in particular. And from what I recall, last year's update, Daniel actually guided to an expense target of about $19 billion by 2017. It looks like you've gotten there essentially a year early. And I'm wondering whether there are more savings initiatives that have not yet been filtered through, and could potentially accrete in the coming year? 

Question_32:

          Hi, good morning. Was just wondering if we could talk a bit about rate of trading. I mean, to my mind, that was a product that's done particularly well this quarter. But I was wondering looking forward, how you see that performing, whether it's supported by what's going on in the yield curve? Or whether do you see that supported more by sort of like one-off euphoria around the election, so maybe that might tail off a little bit? 
And then just moving on from that, how do you view the opportunities for growth in your capital markets businesses, your CIB versus say, your lending businesses? Are you equally enthusiastic about both, and given the opportunity sets going forward, or do you see some being more positive than others? 

Question_33:

          I mean, it sounds maybe that you'll  (laughter)  the pressures of year-on-year growth, in the CIB business but you're not really highlighting that in terms of your lending businesses, which obviously you'd expect further margins to grow, the loan books to grow. 

Question_34:

          Good morning, Marianne. 

Question_35:

          Good. Can you give us some color, in the past you've talked about -- in the multifamily, I know you commented on that in your prepared remarks, on your multifamily book, some of the markets that you continue to be a little leary of, can you give us an update to those types of thoughts? 

Question_36:

          Okay, great. And I know you talked about the duration of the securities portfolio, it's in line with -- (multiple speakers) 

Question_37:

          Certainly. And Marianne, coming back to the investment portfolio, obviously you talked a little bit about the duration. Do you have the actual duration of it in years, this quarter versus the third quarter? 

Question_38:

          Good morning. Just a quick question for you, Marianne. In terms of the mortgage, in the overall picture, I understand why you're talking about maybe 10% core loan growth rather than 15% more recently. But just within the residential mortgage portfolio, it looks like that slowed in the fourth quarter, third and fourth quarter from a mid teens year-over-year rate, to a low single-digit quarter-over-quarter rate. Can you give us a little more color as to what's going on there? Are you buying -- or are slowing your purchases of your own originations, or is that -- is there something else going on there? 

Question_39:

          Okay. So no real change in your thinking there? 

Question_40:

          Thanks for taking my questions. The thing that jumped out at me was, if you looked at the asset management group, you had $21 billion of long-term product outflows, and you had $35 billion of liquidity products inflows. And it seems like now that we're getting past the financial crisis, when everybody was looking at liquidity, that combining that with continued deposit growth, we're not seeing a change in that perspective, but there's still a premium for increasing liquidity still? 

Question_41:

          Do you foresee that premium for liquidity lessening, as we kind of go into the rerisking of a better economy, and some things that improve the outlook? 

Question_42:

          And then my last thought was, when you look at M&A, we had M&A kind of suppressed when things were more regulatory constrained, and the outlook was a negative on the overall economy and that uncertainty. Now we have this positive uncertainty. Wouldn't that delay some activity for at least a couple quarters, for people to kind of see where we're going to end up, and see where tax rates are, and see what we might get in deregulation that may change perspective on their long-term opportunities? So just thought there might be a little pause here. 

Question_43:

          I just thought maybe in the second half versus the first half, but thanks for your response. 

