Answer_1:

    Yes, we obviously have to make some assumptions going forward in house prices and they are not that different than the assumptions you would see in most other that get published by Case-Shiller, etc. Right now, they have a modest increase in home prices in 2013 and '14. I will stick with just those two years. But if it was 5% better than that, which is possible, that would run through our books in lower charge-offs and lower reserves. And just as a rule of thumb, $500 million for one year.


    It's a very rough rule of thumb.

Answer_2:

    Yes, no, we are required under Dodd-Frank to disclose our stress tests. Remember, we do -- in March. We do it almost immediately after the Fed's report. And remember, we do hundreds. The Fed is four. So we look at multiple kind of stress tests and we are going to try to give you a full view of how we look at the Company under stress. I should point out that a lot of you did it yourselves in the past. You were pretty accurate some of you.

Answer_3:

    Just to give you a view, we have $200 billion of equity and $250 billion of unsecured debt. That is $450 billion. That is a lot of capital before anyone else bears a loss. It is not clear to me that subordinated versus just unsecured, and it would take time to develop those markets. If a bank has 50/50 or -- obviously it changes the nature a little bit over time, so it will take time to develop. But I think we're working with the authorities to get it right, to do the analysis right, to have the right numbers. I think you have a little time before someone says it has to be this amount.
Remember, we have got Basel I, Basel II, Basel III, OLA, LCR NSF and the new one and we are going to be able to accommodate all of them. It will take a little bit of time. I do want to point out that we fully intend in 2013, late 2013, to be a 9.5% Basel III and to be fully compliant with LCR.

Answer_4:

    Well, we had done giving you some numbers in our annual report last year about where it is a no-brainer to buy back stock, which I said is tangible book value. Tangible book value is now $38 or $39, which has gone up, what is it, $4 this year, almost $5 this year. So we still think if you haircut earnings and buy stuck at these prices, it's probably still a good deal. We got permission to buy back $3 billion in the first quarter. Obviously, it is going to be a little price-sensitive and then CCAR will set what we can buy back for the next four quarters after that. I hope that answers your -- yes.

Answer_5:

    You can do the same numbers at today's prices. Discount, if you want to be conservative, discount earnings, buy back stock. At the end of a two or three-year period, you will apply earnings per share and higher tangible book value per share even at these prices. It seems like a pretty good deal to me. Typically, you have a good company.


    And you are not going to need the capital down the road. I am not talking about for one year, but down the road.

Answer_6:

    Think about it as all in and we are expecting our run rate in the future to be I think $300 million to $350 million, as I said, excluding the items we talked about. Including IFR, we are at $725 million. We have got a ways to go, but it is coming down. Think about it in there.

Answer_7:

    Well, I think let me just put out first off that our comp ratio was 33%. If you, by the way, if you added back some of the bonuses paid in corporate that don't show up as comp in the IB, it would be like 35%. We think that the roundest number is kind of an ongoing run rate. We have formulas. We don't pay out necessarily by the formula, but we have formulas that are capital-adjusted, risk-adjusted, etc., etc. that -- that is what really guides it and it is not -- so it is really done at a much more detailed level than it will bounce around that 35%.
I should point out that again we feel good that our ROE in the investment bank was 17% this year. It was 16% or 17% last year and the year before and we are paying our people fair and well. I feel good about that. That is a good thing. That is a good business model to have something like that.

Answer_8:

    Yes, I think that is probably true, but other firms have ratios of 50%, 55%. Ours is already fairly low. We want to win in the business. We are going to be competitive in compensation and obviously that will adjust over time as competition changes.

Answer_9:

    At Investor Day, we will try to give you a better view of that. So there are clearly some negatives and we don't know all the rules, also some positives. So we are in a position between custody and clearing and our brokers businesses to provide some of those services for investors so they can allocate capital properly, transform the collateral and serve them better. So let the rules come out. Obviously, this is going to affect our revenues a bit, but there will be opportunities there too.

Answer_10:

    No, here is my caveat. We are going to meet LCR this year whatever it is. It doesn't matter to us whether we like it or not. Now to answer your question, there were some changes in LCR; I think they were good, but they still capped the benefit like mortgages and we have like almost $90 billion of MBS. So government-guaranteed MBS is in what they call level 2 and therefore, you are restricted in how much [capital] liquidity.
Now personally I think that is wrong, but it is okay. We will live with it, we are moving on. I don't know why the American regulators would agree to that. Government-guaranteed MBS in a market you want where they treated liquid and remember, they already have a 15% haircut. I could argue they don't need any haircut, but look, whether changes are made or not, we are going to be compliant. It is not going to affect our earnings that much.

Answer_11:

    Yes, so hey, Betsy, we talked about the third quarter being -- peaking at over 200 basis points before the margins compress in some 40 or so basis points in the quarter and we do expect that to continue into 2013, not at that level. If you go back in time, you would see gain-on-sale margins more in the 65 basis points. I don't know if that is where it will end, but certainly we expect for that to be seen through 2013, but with gaining marketshare. We hope to keep our volumes up.


    Obviously, it will normalize over time, but it may not go that low because our expenses could also be permanently higher. To be in the business is going to cost more money and obviously that will be part of your -- what you have to earn back.

Answer_12:

    Yes, so we -- the number that Marianne showed you is the Basel III Tier 1 common 8.7. If you look at what I call for the next two years passive mitigation, that is run-off and what I call normal models, so we still have to get certain models in there and there is not arguing with anybody, it's just models that should be put in place, that would add almost 1% to Basel right off the bat. About I am going to say $100 billion of that would be models, $80 billion to $100 billion would be models. Part of that is the runoff to synthetic credit, which is obviously coming down over time.
And the other thing, which I think you're going to see, is we are pushing Basel III down, we have, but we are pushing it down at a very detailed level. I think over time you're going to see (inaudible) down capital Basel RWA even more. And there are things in Basel, which I don't know what the future portends. We have $200 billion plus of operational RWA in there now. That is driven very -- that is like $16 billion of capital. That is driven very high by obviously the mortgage litigation and stuff like that, some of which will go away. So one day, a lot -- that $200 million should come down a lot too. I just don't know the timetable for that.

Answer_13:

    No, I didn't mention -- we are going to get there late in 2013 whatever it takes.

Answer_14:

    We will answer -- to give you more feedback -- maybe we have to have a buffer. We don't know what the final rules are for capital. So you already have a conservation buffer. You go below what happens. Obviously, OCI could be a big swing. Like if you model -- I forgot -- we had modeled it. Like 300 basis points would be $20 billion after tax or something like that. But you could handle that too because it is going to come in over time and you can manage your balance sheet going forward, your stock buyback going forward. So we really need to see the future rules to make that determination. If we need a buffer, we will have a buffer.


    Whatever that is, we will go there right away too, but we just don't know what it is yet. And we don't know whether CCAR is going to drive capital or the conservation buffer is going to drive capital or whatever. And we don't know how the G-SIFI exactly works, even though we know it's a 2.5%. We will probably find ways to reduce that over time. So we have plenty of capital. Right now, I am -- far more than I personally think we need, but we have plenty of capital.

Answer_15:

    Well, unfortunately, that is a one-year thing, okay and I should point out that before you ask is that when we started the dividends, we said that the intent would be to increase them a little bit every year, so you should expect to see that. We are going to ask for less capital return from stock buyback than we have in the past so where I can do $3 billion in the first quarter. We are going to do less because we have determined, and this is a Board-level determination too, that we want to get to 9.5% quicker and we don't exactly know how these stress tests work. So we think under severe stress, we would have plenty of capital, but the last time the Fed's numbers were very different. We don't understand that and the way CCAR has done this year has even more volatility. Basel 2.5 is far more volatile in how you calculate RWA, OCI and all that than the old Basel I test. So we are a little cautious, which I think is what obviously the Fed expected people to do.

Answer_16:

    Yes, let me just separate the two. In Consumer, credit card is near the end. There could be more, but it is near the end. It's really mortgage. Mortgage reserves are going to have to come down as charge-offs come down and charge-offs are going to come down. We are not trying to manipulate our earnings or anything like that. They are going to come down. The portfolios are smaller; housing prices are going up. We just don't know exactly the pace they are going to come down, but remember they are half what they were a year and a half ago and my guess is, in a year and a half to two from now, they will be half of what they are today, which implies the reserves will come down. We have $5 billion left; that implied would be $2.5 billion. So nothing magical there. That is what is in the numbers. It is really a matter of timing, etc.
On the CIB side, it was really -- we had one or two big recoveries, so we did have, what was it, $400 million, but Marianne also pointed out there were some other negatives that got booked in CIB too. So you are right; we are not going to have much reserve takedown in CIB, but the other negatives won't be there either. So it is a little bit of a wash in CIB too from other non-reserve-related stuff.

Answer_17:

    I wouldn't call it a strong fourth-quarter showing. We kind of made an assumption that the last two weeks of the year are pretty dead in terms of activity and we were a little bit wrong about that. But here is what I would say. Activity now is continuing; it is usually strong in the first part of the year. We don't know. But I personally believe that this has been, and I have been consistent about this, a cyclical, a secular change. We deal with 16,000 investors. Investable assets are going up; they are not going down. Global trade is going up; it is not going down. High net worth assets, I'm talking over 10 years and so there is a need that people have to buy and sell securities, etc. So I think the underlying trend is up and obviously spreads will compress over time. They have by the way for 20 years. That will continue.
And now we have got a bunch of model changes, not models, but like business model changes from swaps and derivatives and regulations. We will adjust all that, but there is a chance you're going to wake up one day and it will be a boomer year and no one is going to predict that either. There is a chance we happen to go into recession that it will get worse, but my attitude is I think we are very well-positioned in the business. It is very broad-based between FX rates, credits, securitized products, commodities. It is very global, emerging markets driven by research, which Marianne mentioned we are number one. So over time, it will grow. I just can't predict what it is going to do next quarter.

Answer_18:

    Yes. Look, I think the American economy -- I've said the table is rather well set. Consumers, businesses, housing, small business they are all in pretty good shape and I think we need good policy and good fiscal policy, but yes, so we expect to see -- we have had, which I think you mentioned, we have had run-off in consumer too. Remember, in Card, from (inaudible) and some other stuff and we are running off sort of businesses and certain things we got out of, but you could start to see a little bit of growth now going forward in outstandings. Good growth in spending, a little bit of growth in outstandings.

Answer_19:

    Yes, so, hey, John, we will do that for you at our Investor Day in a lot of detail. I think the way to think about our adjusted expenses going forward, you should think about them being flat to down in terms of direction and we will go through all of that for you in February.

Answer_20:

    Yes, around $50 billion.

Answer_21:

    One day we hope.


    (multiple speakers). So we don't -- yes, we won't -- we can't predict the litigation expense, I'm sorry.


    I think the one part, which I just want to reiterate, is that obviously that one is going to be lumpy and be ongoing except the part relating to mortgages. We have done a lot of work on and we are hoping that we are properly reserved there and they are not going to see duplication of that. In the last couple of years of litigation, a lot of it related to mortgages. Not all of it, but a lot of it.

Answer_22:

    You have got me there. I think if we buy back $3 billion and what we issue -- I think we issue --


    2.5.


    -- amortizes in over time as we issue it --


    Right.


    -- so my guess is it will go down a little bit in the first quarter. When you issue restricted stock, it doesn't immediately go into fully diluted. That goes in as it amortizes. Remember this stuff amortizes over three years generally.

Answer_23:

    If we spend the whole $3 billion, my guess is it will go down, yes.

Answer_24:

    Yes.

Answer_25:

    Yes, I think, John, in part, that is it. I can get back to you with more specific details. It did come down slightly in the quarter. It does reflect the combination of our full understanding of all of the rules, plus some model changes and everything else in the quarter and BAU activity, but we can get you more detail.

Answer_26:

    Yes, well, so we are continuing to grow our deposits very strongly. We are continuing to grow our loans very strongly, so core loan growth up 9%. So all in all, we are generally holding pace with NIM compression and hope to see the same next year plus or minus.

Answer_27:

    It was better by over $100 million versus the fourth quarter last year.


    Of course, last year wasn't particularly good by the way.

Answer_28:

    Completely off. Let me tell you where - you raised a lot of subjects; let me do them one by one. Obviously, when you have a problem like the whale, you have mistakes, which you should acknowledge and then fix. So we obviously fixed CIO totally 100%. People in it, reporting, risk, controls, committees, guidelines and we don't do synthetic credit there at all. But some of those mistakes obviously scared us and we went and checked everywhere in the Company. So we are fixing certain things across the Company. Not that they are bad, they are not disasters, but they require fixing. And so when you have an accident like that, you want to say we are going to use this to get stronger, better, smarter, tougher. And we have to and we are going to. Obviously you can't meet every demand of the regulators. So we have got real resources doing it. We have already done a lot of it. We are going to continue to do more. So yes, they were changes from the whale.
Number two, we are in business to build the business over time by serving clients. That is what we do. We do it every -- we take risk. When you take risks, you make loans; you take risks when you invest money; you take risk when you build systems and branches. But that is what we have been doing consistently and I hope you see in the underlying numbers more branches, more bankers, more custody, more trading, more products, more services, more countries, happier clients in every business. Record results in Commercial Banking, Asset Management, a lot of cross-sell in that and we are going to do a lot more to describe to you the competitive benefits that we get in this Company because the different business units work together and things like that.
So that part of the business hasn't changed. That is why we are here. Even CIO has always been doing that, investing assets conservatively because I was watching something on TV today -- you have to earn a return on your assets. The book -- you are not going to try to earn a return on your assets is ludicrous to me and to manage asset liability exposure generally conservatively. We obviously made a mistake.
And the third thing, the reorganization, that was around -- and I (inaudible) do a lot of this for you, around the client. If you said rebuild the Company from the ground up, you probably would have organized it around the clients, not necessarily by product. It is not that we were bad or banks were bad or anything like that; it is that companies acquired mortgage companies, they acquired credit card companies, they acquired retail branches. The power of that franchise is extraordinary. 40% of our retail branches own credit cards -- are credit cards today. A big chunk of our mortgage sales come out of the branches. Most of our small businesses serve out of the branches. Middle-market is served out of the branches. The branches are becoming an enormous competitive advantage for asset management. The commercial bank couldn't survive without them.
So all we did is say put together those businesses under one roof where you want to have -- you want to treat the client the way they want to be treated when they come in the front door. Same thing for CIB, the same client set in the investor side and the issuer side, the corporate side. So we go to any country. We serve the big companies, we serve the sovereign wealth funds, we serve the governments. We serve them out of TSS and we serve them out of the investment bank.
All we are doing here is better coordination, which we think will have more cross-sell and believe it or not lower expenses. Plus it will help us deal with the new regulatory environment. So both of these things are going to help us deal with the new regulatory environment to have consistent standards across all the businesses, etc. So that is why we had the reorg.
And management changes, you went through the litany of changes, but just remember Daniel Pinto has been in that business his whole life. Mike Cavanagh has been here for many years and was already running TS&S. Doug Petno has been running the Commercial Bank for several years now. Gordon Smith and Todd Maclin, we did it a little bit faster than we told people. We told people we were going to put that under one roof. Marianne Lake has been the Controller of the IB and the CFO of the consumer bank. All the people in these jobs have been here a long time and they are very good. I mean I think it is an exceptional management team.
It is too much turnover, but again the way I look at the turnover, if I have 15 people in the operating committee, you should assume that 15% to 20% every year will turn over. Some years will be zero and some years will be more. When you have reorgs and stuff like that, it is a little bit more. Hopefully, you're going to have stability. We have got a great management team. They are working a lot of different things. Most have been here a long time. And part of it, part of it relates to -- remember if you were on my Board of Directors, you would be asking me, in fact instructing me to make sure you were putting in place in big jobs the people who have to be tested to see if they can do my job. That is -- I mentioned this many years ago, that is job number one. That takes precedence over all other things. And sometimes it leads to turnover. I'm sorry.

Answer_29:

    Well, look, you should get to know them, but you could evaluate their quality, their integrity, their brains. Mary Erdoes has been here a long time. Matt Zames, who is now Co-Chief Operating -- Frank Bisignano both been here a long time. So these are long tenured, very good, respected employees. And so I know it is going to work. Obviously, you have to make that evaluation yourself.

Answer_30:

    Not really, but the CCAR does have this qualitative aspect, which I don't exactly know what that means, but not really. It really related more to the desire -- the stock price is higher and the desire to get to 9.5% quicker. Everyone's being doing it and obviously we shouldn't lag. That's all.

Answer_31:

    Also, Mike (inaudible) because you had me do a little work after one of your reports came out about stock price. So do this yourself. Take Bank One's stock price from the day before I got there to today, and take JPMorgan's stock price from the day we announced the deal to today, compare it to the S&P, the bank, the bank index or all other major firms and it's actually rather good. It outperformed in both cases, the bank by a long shot. In both cases, the S&P not by a long shot but by a significant margin and almost most other financial companies. So obviously something has been working a little bit here.
Opportunity, I think the opportunities are fabulous. So next year, we are going to focus a tremendous amount of regulatory requirements, these consent orders getting things done, but also just organic growth. Small business, Marianne mentioned, is up almost everywhere, partially in Florida and California where WaMu gave us the opportunity to do that. We opened our 1000th branch in California. We are still going to open net over 100 branches this year. Our credit card has been growing. The Chase Private Client, we have got 250 branches to 1200 Chase Private Client. That number is going to go up -- and I don't know if we've -- I don't know if that is public -- okay, now it's public -- to something like 2000 end of next year. It is really working. So it is growing dramatically.
Our mutual fund complex has been growing. TS&S, actually not TS&S, the Global Corporate Bank has opened multiple branches overseas. We have gone from 120 Global Corp bankers to 286 or something. It is going to be north of 300 and it is working.
If you look at Investment Banking revenues out of the commercial bank, when we first got here, I think it was like $450 million. This year, it hit almost $2 billion and we think the opportunity to continue to grow is large. So in almost every single business, we see very good opportunities to grow and obviously, we operate in a difficult world, the financial services, but in the Investment Bank, it was -- it has been -- Marianne went through the numbers, but we don't see why we can't continue to grow that around the world and serve more clients in more places like Colombia or in some of the emerging markets.
In Commercial Banking, we opened branches in non -- states we don't have branches, which have been focused on kind of larger clients and international. That is working well. International commercial bank is working well and all these numbers are in here. You guys should go through it soon. They are all pretty good and you are going to see us continue to focus on growing those businesses in a quality way.

Answer_32:

    Well, I think you should look at it -- we are already fully engaged in meeting all of those concents and other regulatory demands. Remember, we have changing rules and requirements. We also have a lot of items that the regulators have asked us to focus on, their consent orders. So yes, it is a tremendous amount of resource, but it is not going to change the numbers you see. It is just the people involved -- a lot of people involved in risk credit, legal compliance, audit, HR all are really involved in getting a lot of this stuff right and we have to do that. Of course and people in the business too of course.

Answer_33:

    Yes, so, Matt, you would have seen that we pretty much portfolio all the jumbos we originate right now. We price them to great returns and we would continue to do that. We like that asset. I think overall across the firm, we did $5 billion of jumbos this quarter and so you should expect to see that continue.


    I would just add that one of the things you learn to live with a little bit is that you could put a mortgage on your balance sheet and earn or 3.75% or 4% if it is a jumbo or something like that. It doesn't have OCI. It holds more capital, but it might be a wiser thing to do than taking the gain on sale and then buying an MBS at 2.25%. So there are all these opportunities to think through how to manage in the new world properly both for the client and for the shareholder. (multiple speakers). Go ahead.

Answer_34:

    It may be -- and that may change over time and get bigger. So we are doing a little bit more and right now, it is the jumbos. We have done a little bit like C pluses and stuff like that, but there may be others.

Answer_35:

    We would much prefer loans than securities like in commercial bank, credit card, etc. So the reason we have securities is because we can't generate that kind of loan right now.

Answer_36:

    I think the QM was a really big start and kind of well thought through, but it also needs to be coordinated with Basel III, some of these NPR rules, this whole thing about OCI. So all these things are going to affect mortgage a little bit and a lot of players involved in that who have to coordinate it. But I do think over time they will open up the mortgage markets. How rep and warranty is going to be handled, etc.


    TRN, skin in the game. I think securitization will be important. So if I was the government, I would want to get QRM and securitization rules fixed as quickly as I can to allow people to start.

Answer_37:

    I would say that is probably in line with that. We have excess cash and excess capacity at central banks and that is what that reflects.


    They are two different numbers, but they move in the same direction. And we will probably disclose more about that at the Investor Day too.


    We will.

Answer_38:

    Probably not much.


    Yes, not much.


    The average yield in the investment portfolio is coming down a little bit every quarter and that will continue for a while.

Answer_39:

    No.


    We do break it out.


    We disclosed it. We haven't disclosed it in the fourth quarter.


    What was it last time?


    Probably like 3.


    Interest duration. So it is probably about the same.

Answer_40:

    The other thing -- right, but the important -- I think the way to look at (inaudible), we would benefit from rising rates. So I've always said that that portfolio is subordinated to the interest of the Company. It is very short. You can extend that duration or a lot more income, but then we would be hurt by rising rates and we break out the earnings and risk from rising rates -- if the whole curve goes up 100 basis points, it is about a $2 billion plus pretax. And that comes through the investment portfolio and loan repricing, etc.

Answer_41:

    I can't -- offhand, it is hard for me to say that, but I think I am going to guess, but like 30 or 40 basis points. It's not a lot to neutralize it --


    -- to eliminate -- right, something like that.

Answer_42:

    The margin?


    So I think it is in the supplement. I am afraid I --.


    It's in the production revenue.


    Yes, it's in production revenue, which I think was close to $800 million.

Answer_43:

    Revenue was 3%, 3.5% and net was -- (multiple speakers).


    So it's like 3.5 times 50, actually is on closed, not --.


    We will do the math for you.

Answer_44:

    First of all, it is a Board-level decision and in some ways, it is a nice problem to have, but the way you set the question up you almost have no option. You can't buy back stock and you can't raise your dividend. All you have left is something like that. So we will get there when we get there. Again, we need to see all the new rules and how they are going to apply like this conservation buffer and we may know more by Investor Day, but when we know more, we will let you know.

Answer_45:

    So the first one is obviously we do budgets and stuff. We put targets in place, things we would like to accomplish. So that is in how we look at -- we are not going to disclose it to you. But I did say that we do think it is going to enhance revenues and reduce expenses a little bit. So a little bit is in there for the CIB and a little bit in there for consumer. And we are going to disclose more at Investor Day about kind of cross-sell and how we look at it and where we think we can benefit, etc.
And if you look at risk-weighted assets, we are up to -- our balance sheet is $2.4 trillion. We have got $200 billion of money deposited in central banks around the world or in repo, very short-term investments, $350 billion in AA securities and $400 billion in securities borrowed or resales. We have a really, really liquid balance sheet. I just mentioned $750 billion, almost $1 trillion of very short-term stuff that is sitting there on our balance sheet in the asset side and our risk-weighted assets are now $1.65 trillion. They have gone up dramatically because of Basel 2.5, the fact that we don't have certain models in place that will be accepted.
So some of the benefit arguably is going to be just -- I am going to call it run-off. Some is from models that regulators expect people to design and put in place that we don't have yet. We just don't have the history or we haven't done the modeling and that is -- a lot of it is around credit-related, synthetic credit type stuff, securitizations and things like that. So we are going to put those in place. And that is not arguing with regulators; they would expect us to do that over time. Obviously, regulators -- I know they are going to look at how people do models around the world and they want this done fairly, etc.

Answer_46:

    Sure. So think about repurchase. So both sides of that we do them separately. So repurchase losses, I told you you will see demand down significantly, you will see the outstanding pipeline down significantly. We have seen cure rates improve and so our realized losses were sub $200 million and it is what it is and it is a factor, a feature of activity obviously and it can vary a little.
On the repurchase reserve side, it is obviously model-driven and we use inputs, including things like cure rates. So it is not going to be a perfect offset in this quarter. It happened to be slightly more and over time, over the next few quarters, we think they could largely offset that you might see some small pluses and minuses.

Answer_47:

    Yes, and I would say we are in constant dialogue with the agencies and obviously people ask about behavior and we are in constant dialogue, we think we understand the direction it is going and we feel good about where we are right now and we will continue to monitor that.

Answer_48:

    I don't know how to respond to that. I think -- maybe you can call later and get some more feedback on some of the stuff you said. You can call Sarah Youngwood at investor relations. But you went through a lot of the stuff that is accurate. Obviously we are in an environment -- the environment changes all the time, but we have growth plans everywhere. So it isn't like we are sitting on our laurels and just looking at what is going to -- NIM compression, stuff like that. So we expect to grow earnings next year. I may be wrong, but that is what we expect.

Answer_49:

    Yes, okay.


    You're welcome.

Answer_50:

    I think we had said earlier, on July 13, we hope it is almost a nonissue by the end of the year. I think we are getting there. I think from the day that -- and we are not going to give you more detail than what I am about to tell you so don't ask. We had modest losses in the fourth quarter. There is no reason to have any losses going forward. The risk from the date of the investment bank got and they have done a good job continuing to derisk it are down, I am going to say, another 50%.
So obviously, there is still risk. It is still a portfolio which has got -- the average duration I am going to say is 2, 2.5 years left. So if you did nothing, it is going to diminish dramatically over time, but I think we have got it well-controlled at this point. There could be some volatility because of the nature of it. It has got some idiosyncratic exposures in there, but we think we are fine. We don't think there's anything that anyone needs to worry about anymore.

Answer_51:

    You have got to do it a little bit by business because I think in consumer mostly sticky, but it is probably a little bit of TAG -- like you guys had an estimate for that.


    Yes, like (inaudible) plus or minus. Mostly those deposits we would consider core and sticky.


    Right. And then TS&S is a lot of seasonal year-end deposits, so it bounces all over the place. Asset management I put in the sticky category. Commercial Bank has been kind of flat, but it is sticky.


    It is flat because the loans are starting to grow and it is huge. Commercial has $190 billion of deposits. I think that number was $100 billion 3.5 years ago. So they have a lot of money there. We actually expect that might have come down one day as companies start to grow and expand more aggressively, which would be a good thing.

Answer_52:

    That's a woulda', shoulda', coulda'. I don't know, Guy, the answer to that question. I think if they had been put in place -- it depends how they would have ultimately been put in place. So they were delayed to get more work and how it gets done. I think if they had been put in place for JPMorgan where the rules constrained us overseas, but didn't constrain other companies overseas, we would be down from what we might now have. If the rules were put in place as we can compete freely in Frankfurt, London, Singapore and Shanghai, my guess is our US revenues would have been down a little bit, our international revenues would have been up a little bit.

Answer_53:

    No, so private equity is $8 billion invested. We expect to earn a return on that. We are obviously getting a great return on it, so that is lumpy, but it should be more than $50 million on average. Treasury -- think of treasury as NII. It is very predictable. The NII (inaudible) by quarter. That number will go down a little bit. That is just how we allocate capital and funds between all the business units. And then how we invest the assets.
So we can change that tomorrow by having longer duration in our investment portfolio. The lumpier part of treasury and CIO is when we have mark-to-market gains and securities gains. That bounces around a little bit and again some of that is discretionary. So we don't look at that -- we should almost call it a net loss, and that number -- I think the $300 million will come down over time, not go up for a whole bunch of different reasons, which I won't go through right now.
And then the other corporate -- that has net allocations, BOLI, COLI, taxes, all these lumpy items and we will just try to tell you it should be plus 100 -- it could be on average 100, plus or minus a couple hundred because of lumpiness of those items. Like corporate taxes are lumpy for a whole bunch of different reasons and so our numbers would be 100 on average. And we always explain the difference if there is ever a big difference there.

Answer_54:

    It has got not a damned thing to do with exotic investment strategies, zero, nada, nothing, okay? The bulk of those assets are always invested conservatively, AA plus. We had to do it around the world, so deposits around the world, etc., nothing to do with that. It has all got to do with some of the NIM compression that shows up there because obviously investment portfolio yield has gone down a little over 2%. It was 4% three years ago and how we allocate capital and things like that.
The changes you have seen. Some of them are the differences due to the regulatory changes of B3, RWA and stuff like that. So we will try to make this a little bit clearer going forward. But on average, that number will come down, not go up over time.

Answer_55:

    Yes, when we allocate the new Basel III operational capital debt, the capital allocations will go up mostly to the CIB by I am going to say 20% or so and to the commercial bank by 20% or so or maybe a little bit more than that. And that will obviously change the return targets for those units. It will also be very healthy, so it will just come down. The Company will be exactly the same.
I mean so we just have -- I think when we allocate all this stuff intelligently, it will actually probably end up driving better returns over time as people learn how to manage it a little bit differently. So we will be allocating -- again, it eventually will show more. We will be allocating out -- think of it as everything at one point, LCR, G-SIFI, Basel III, Basel II, whatever comes down the pike will be allocated out so our managers can manage through it.


    And the other thing we haven't decided permanently is how you look at each business because my feeling has been, this is open for debate, is that the business should be capitalized the way its competitors are going to be capitalized so they would feel free -- they are free to compete in that category. I think the people lump their capital ratios around their competitors. That could be very hard for someone for example to be -- run with 7.5% capital and all their competitors are at 10% or vice versa.

Answer_56:

    No, cost is cost. It has nothing to do with that. I am talking about capital -- saying we may capitalize the commercial bank at 8.5% and the investment bank at 10%. It may not be 9.5% for everybody because they have to operate, they have to compete in different environments. So that is where you just -- we just haven't figured out exactly how to do that yet.

