Question_1:

    Hi there. Thanks. So over time, we have talked back and forth about housing improving and you were right and it is improving. But curious if you have any metrics for us on say what is built into the reserve models and how -- what kind of sensitivity we could have on say -- let's just say hypothetically housing improves 5% in 2013 and again in '14. Just -- I don't know if you can put metrics around it, but -- (multiple speakers).

Question_2:

    I appreciate that. From what I understand on CCAR this year, the Fed is going to be taking a closer look at internal stress testing and all the procedures that go around that. And I think we are going to get to see -- you are going to be disclosing some of those results. I am not front-running what we are going to see. I am just curious. In general, are we going to see that at the same time, are we going to see that on a lag basis and what you plan on disclosing?

Question_3:

    Jamie, maybe the last one, on things related to part of the liquidation authority. I know we haven't seen the white paper yet, but there has been a lot of back-and-forth and I am not a believer that we are going to get the worst-case scenario that some of the people at the FDIC had thought about, but long story short is, as ironic as it is, every bank has spent the last couple of years reducing their subdebt because Basel III doesn't count it. Now, shocker, we are going to have to (inaudible) some more because the OLA is going to want it. Just curious on how much prep you can do ahead of that and what your expectations are in terms of a phase-in if that is going to be impactful in the near term.

Question_4:

    Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So you all are about to start buying back stock here in the first quarter and the share price is at about $45. Ironically, this is the price point historically where there has been an indication of some price sensitivity. So maybe I was hoping for an update on your thinking on that front.

Question_5:

    Yes, no, I think so. So basically we can look at the tangible book value growth versus the last comments and imply from there?

Question_6:

    Fair enough. And then the $100 million to $150 million that is coming out of your legacy costs, is that part of that $500 million per quarter that you all have highlighted in the past or is that in addition to that?

Question_7:

    Okay. Good deal. And then the comp ratio in CIB is down this year or I should say maybe full-year 2012 about 2.5 percentage points from year prior. How should we think about the comp ratio in the IB on a going-forward basis? Have we hit a structural shift here?

Question_8:

    Sure, but probably, on the whole, upward comp pressure across the street competitively is probably nowhere near as it had been. So in improvements and increased cost leverage is probably decently sustainable wouldn't you say?

Question_9:

    Okay. And then last one from me, as we start to move forward towards the central clearing of swaps here late in the first quarter of '13, do you maybe have an updated view of what this transition might mean for JPMorgan's FICC business or your capital markets revenues for 2013?

Question_10:

    Hey, good morning. A question on LCR. Jamie, you mentioned that you were going to be -- looking to be 100% compliant by the end of 2013 and I wanted to understand did the Basel release on LCR align with your sense of how it is going to shake out in the US? And I ask because the RMBS looks like it was very tightly worded, so I wonder if there is any caveats to your comment that you will hit the 100% by -- (multiple speakers).

Question_11:

    Okay. And then just separately, a small item, but on mortgages, you talked about the gain on sale that came down on the quarter and that you are looking forward to that normalizing over the course of the next year or so. Could you just give us a sense of how much we are talking about normalizing because we could go back to precrisis and it is a much bigger implication on mortgage revenues than if you are talking about just before the long end of the curve started to come down dramatically.

Question_12:

    Yes, good morning. Jamie, a quick question. Any update with respect to how quickly you expect your Basel III risk-weighted assets to decline? We saw a little bit of a decline this quarter, expecting more decline, but is there sort of any change in the outlook for the pace of that decline or how you are thinking about it?

Question_13:

    Okay. And then just a quick follow-up to that, you mentioned wanting to get to 9.5% by the end of 2013.

Question_14:

    Okay. Along with that, we see a number of companies sort of building a little bit, 50 basis points or something like that, of sort of a buffer on the buffer to account for AOCI fluctuation and things like that. For you guys maybe getting up to 10% or wherever the ultimate endpoint in, is that more of a '14 event or is that also something that you would like to get done this year?

Question_15:

    Well, I think everyone is trying to sort of do math on how much capital you might return this year. So all of those are questions -- (multiple speakers).

Question_16:

    Good morning. Some of the pushback that I have gotten from some investors on your strong quarter is on the provisionals overall. So I guess I want to follow on Glenn's question because clearly CIB is unsustainable from a provision basis, but it seems like there is still a lot of leverage left on the provision side from CCB. So Jamie, was your comment that if house prices were up 5% over what is in your model, the additional leverage provision is $500 million per year?

Question_17:

    Got it. And in terms of CIB activity levels, I think that the investor base did expect some strength this quarter more than seasonal. I guess could you give us a sense of whether or not the strong fourth-quarter showing is sort of a harbinger for activity levels finally picking up in 2013?

Question_18:

    Okay. And just I wanted to sneak one more in on Card. We appreciate the color on sales volume in Card and I think there is a thesis out there that if the US consumer is taking home less because taxes are higher, but the underlying economy is okay, then that could potentially translate into receivables growth finally. Is that a reasonable leap to make as we look at receivables growth for next year?

Question_19:

    Yes, hi. Marianne, it looks like your adjusted expenses ex-litigation IB comp came in around $49 billion or so for the year. Do you have an outlook for this number in 2013? Are you looking for some improvement in that above and beyond what you save from the foreclosure settlement?

Question_20:

    Is that the right number like flat to down from around that $49 billion or so level?

Question_21:

    Okay, okay. And then that excludes litigation. It looks like litigation for the full year came in at about $3.7 billion. That is down from $4.5 billion the year before. Do you expect that trend of declining litigation expense in '13?

Question_22:

    And then on the buybacks, the first quarter is usually a big issuance quarter for you on shares, but knowing you have approval for $3 billion of gross repurchases, do you expect to have a net reduction in your share count by the end of the first quarter?

Question_23:

    Okay. Like for 2012, your share count didn't go down. That is because you suspended the buybacks and it didn't do enough in the first quarter to take the share count down. I assume you would like to see it decrease at some level.

Question_24:

    And then when you say you are going to ask for less, just to clarify, you mean you will ask for less than $3 billion per quarter?

Question_25:

    Okay. Last thing, on risk-weighted assets, it looks like your assets were up 2%, but Basel III RWA came down. What drove that delta? Are we starting to see the mitigation take effect?

Question_26:

    Okay. And one more thing. Your net interest income grew in the fourth quarter despite the NIM headwinds and the runoff. And I understand your NIM percentage outlook, but I guess what helped you grow NII dollars this quarter and do you think you can grow NII dollars in 2013?

Question_27:

    Good morning. Just first a factual question. How much were fourth-quarter performance fees in asset management?

Question_28:

    Okay. My main question is does the CIO incident change how JPMorgan is run? And as you said, you have had record net income, 15% return on tangible equity. I think you said in the past -- someone at JPMorgan at least implied that the CIO incident shouldn't change things. On the other hand, you have the new cease-and-desist orders, regulatory actions by the Fed and the OCC and this change in reporting format is the most radical that has ever been put in place since, Jamie, you have been CEO and then all the changes in management. You have a new head of consumer, commercial, investment bank, international, CFO, CIO.
So on the one hand, you highlighted the record net income. I guess my question goes to sustainability of the results over the next several years given how many people have changed, the change in reporting format and the regulatory action. Maybe it is like if you are driving on the Long Island Expressway and you get a ticket for going 80 miles per hour, then you drive 50 miles an hour. Is that just completely off?

Question_29:

    I guess we will hear more at Investor Day next month, but what are you watching for since there is so much rotation among top managers around the same time? What are you looking for to make -- ensure that this current team will work?

Question_30:

    Then last follow-up, does your positioning to ask for less than $3 billion per quarter in buybacks have anything to do with the regulatory actions that recently came about?

Question_31:

    Great. Jamie, I was wondering if you could kind of talk just a little bit about given the strong results that you've got and kind of the hopes of continuing to drive them, which areas you think are the best in terms of where you can see investment in either share gains or growth into 2013.

Question_32:

    Just as a separate issue, you have obviously responded to the orders from both the OCC and the Fed. Are there any kind of impacts while those are out there until they have kind of deemed them to be kind of fully dealt with and what is the timeframe for that?

Question_33:

    Good morning. A couple questions in the mortgage banking business and as we think about the mortgage asset, I guess the first one is what is your appetite either now or as you look forward to actually portfolioing some of the mortgages you originate?

Question_34:

    That is really what I was getting to because I think you have one of the shorter MBS books out there. Obviously has a strong mortgage origination platform. And as we strip out kind of the legacy residential mortgages, what you are left with is not a huge number. So just trying to gauge what the appetite might be to --.

Question_35:

    Okay. And then maybe somewhat related, as we think about just the underwriting standards in the mortgage business --

Question_36:

    As we think about underwriting standards in the mortgage business -- I mean we can see the average FICO scores that the banks do collectively that Fannie and Freddie backed still quite high. There has been some good progress with dealing with the legacy issues, not just for JPMorgan, but for the industry as a whole. Got the new guidance from the CFPB, home prices going up. What else do we need to see for banks to loosen underwriting standards of mortgage a bit?

Question_37:

    Good morning. Maybe a question for Marianne. Marianne, I noticed that the global liquidity balance was up about $50 billion quarter-over-quarter to just a little bit under $500 billion. Is that in line with your guidance that you are going to meet the LCR requirements by the end of the year or is there something else going on there?

Question_38:

    Okay. And how much of an effect, if any, was that on the margin in the quarter?

Question_39:

    Thank you. Good morning. Could you tell us what the duration of the securities portfolio is?

Question_40:

    Okay. And I may have missed this, so I apologize if you -- (multiple speakers).

Question_41:

    How much would you estimate at the long end of the curve would you need to see the long end of the curve go up to mitigate the margin pressures so that you could actually see maybe margins not go down?

Question_42:

    Yep. The other question, and I apologize if you guys already gave this answer, but what was the gain on sale of mortgages this quarter?

Question_43:

    And what was the spread, like 3%, the revenue spread?

Question_44:

    Okay. And then coming back to the return of capital, Jamie, I know this at a stock price you are not going to want to buy back your stock. I am not asking for that stock price, but let's assume for a moment bank stocks do well this year, your stock gets to that level where you are not real comfortable in buying it back. Would you guys consider, as the excess capital builds up on the balance sheet and the Fed limits your regular dividend to maybe 30% of earnings, would you consider special dividends as an avenue to give back that excess capital if you feel it is not -- you are not comfortable buying back the stock at the price at some future level?

Question_45:

    Yes, good morning. A couple of questions. The first one, on the latest reorganization, I guess that comes with you in the light of having completed the integration of both Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual. It makes complete sense, but have you actually set any targets in terms of both the revenue and cost synergies you think you might achieve in the medium term? That is the first question.
And the second one was on the $80 billion to $100 billion of RWA you think you could shed by reworking your models. Something ironically you have been pretty critical about in the past in terms of the Europeans' view on that. But can you just tell me is it getting more difficult to do that in the market (inaudible) at the moment? We are getting some pushback from (inaudible) on some of the risk-weighted asset calculations or are you finding it pretty straightforward to actually negotiate that?

Question_46:

    I wanted to ask a detailed question about the mortgage rate purchase expense. You were able to show this quarter that you had a reduction in the reserve of $249 million and only experienced $196 million of losses. So you actually net brought down the impact there. And in your outlook, you talked about being able to offset future losses with release of reserves. So I wanted to ask that question first and then I had one more follow-up after that.

Question_47:

    So we should see a -- we have gone through an inflection point here where you think the demands are coming down and improvement of what you are seeing overall but that drain should be somewhat mitigating going forward?

Question_48:

    And then as we look into 2013, I was trying to take a little bit of your outlook and just kind of create a net progression. If you look at the $1 million that you basically highlighted in margin compression, you have a natural offset that you have explained in the servicing expenses for about $400 million. So if you take your current run rate of operating of $1.35, annualize that to $5.40, you have probably got somewhere between $0.07 and $0.10 worth of negative that comes out of that from netting out the positive that you have in the servicing expenses from margin compression.
If you then move incrementally for growth, if you offset a lot of the margin compression with loan and deposit growth, then you are being able to generate about $1 billion of incremental by just growth and overall balance sheet. If you look at expense savings and then some reduction in shares, you can kind of look at how you would layer in towards something like 10% kind of growth next year as you kind of mirror those kind of big moving pieces. So I just want to make sure we were tracking those and if you had any other thoughts about incremental opportunities to create EPS next year?

Question_49:

    And I guess, Jamie, the bottom line is that you have product growth to offset margin compression, but then you have got share repurchase and some efficiencies that create incremental growth. I guess that is the bottom line.

Question_50:

    Good morning. Can you just give us an update on where you are on the synthetic portfolio? I know you probably don't want to give a dollar amount, but is it mostly gone and what the timeframe is of that -- even if it is a modest drag, just having that off the books completely?

Question_51:

    Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just on the deposit growth, I think you were up on a period-end basis $54 billion. Is there any way to kind of get a sense of how much of that is stickier? Was that just sort of fiscal cliff concerns or was it the TAG-related deposits? Do you have any sense on what was driving that and if it is just more sustainable organic growth that would be helpful?

Question_52:

    Yes, good morning. This first question is a little bit short term, so forgive me, but the CFTC, as somebody mentioned earlier, did push back the timing of some of the OTC reforms with respect to central clearing. And I guess my question is, from your point of view, all other things being equal, should we expect stronger fixed income revenues as a result of that in the first half than we otherwise might have?

Question_53:

    Okay, that is actually real helpful. Thanks. My other couple of questions have to do with your outlook slide. First of all, on corporate private equity, I just want to make sure that there is no distinction that I should read. When you talk about treasury and CIO, you talk about the net loss of $300 million plus or minus specifically in the first quarter. When you talk about the other corporate $100 million, you don't mention a timeframe. So does that mean that you expect more potential variability over say the course of this year in the treasury and CIO number than the other number, which is more of a run rate?

Question_54:

    So if I add the two together, and obviously we know there is lumpiness, but just adding those two numbers together at face value, we are talking about a quarterly loss of a couple hundred million. You used to guide to quarterly earnings of I think it was $100 million to $200 million on that kind of combined line. So if I was trying to assess what the swing had been relative to a few years ago, how much of it would you say is just the compression of net interest margins and how much of it is moving away from some of the, pardon the word, but exotic investment strategies that CIO used to --?

Question_55:

    Okay, that's fair. And then the final question I have is just on the [firmwide] right below that. You talked about capital allocations a moment ago. It sounds like your LOB return on equity targets are, like you say here, are going to come down for some units and therefore overall but the corporate guidance is the same. So does that mean that basically all this change just is because you're allocating more capital out to the business units and you will have less at the corporate parent? That is the only real change?

Question_56:

    So you are going to try to move both capital and cost allocations more to each unit being on a stand-alone basis, is that right?

