Answer_1:

          So Betsy, there's no change in our transfer pricing methodology or even the way we compute it. It's to do, as you appreciate, with, obviously, higher rates and the fact that we are in a very disciplined environment at this point on deposit reprice. We would expect to continue to see the margin expand over the course of the next several quarters, but we would also expect to continue to drive higher NII as we're growing our deposits. [And those remain] in FTP.

Answer_2:

          Yes, yes.

Answer_3:

          Yes. So I mean, I think the way to think about it, not to sort of diminish the importance of any individual breach or situation, is that we are, honestly, under constant attack both in a more general side, but also from a fraud perspective. And so while we will always react and learn lessons from every individual situation, this is not the first breach, nor will it be the last breach. And so as a result, we have been constantly evolving and refining the way we think about fraud prevention, detection, underwriting, continuing to move to multifactor protocols around customer identification, looking to leverage all of our data to sort of better inform our underwriting decisions. So the reality is that, as important as it is and as much as we -- as each individual breach could impact the overall equation, we have had to evolve over an extended period to the position that we're in now. And so as a direct result of this, there won't be specific, meaningful changes, but a continuous evolution. And so when we are looking whether it's at sending out preapprovals or marketing offers or receiving inbound applications, we are increasingly looking at a number of different data points and facts to be able to identify the customer and understand the application.


          And just -- let me add. As part of a breach -- so if your name was taken, and we know that as Social Security, a driver's license, we can put in a lot of enhanced controls that we do about your name specifically. We don't have to rely on those things. We can reduce reliance. We can greatly, dramatically include antifraud on your account. So we do, do that to dramatically diminish any effect on our customers.


          And the reality, Betsy, is that we kind of operated over an extended period now on the presumption that while we happen to know about this breach, there will be others either right now that we don't know about or over time. And so we have to be proactive, not reactive. And we'll obviously look to learn anything we can, but we continue to evolve so that we can use all of the information at our fingertips. And as a practical matter, we are not seeing a specific increase in fraud.

Answer_4:

          Correct, correct. As a result, we're already spending the money that we need to spend to keep, hopefully, ahead of the curve on all of these things. Our operating losses are -- I will say, the combination of all of the information that has been compromised over the course of the last several years has put pressure on fraud costs, but nothing incremental from this. And so no impact on expenses or loan growth that would be measurable.

Answer_5:

          Yes. So look, we -- obviously, apart from the rate hike in June, nothing has really happened much since last quarter. And so the landscape is looking pretty similar, and -- not because that's surprising, so I'll come back to that in a second, which is to say that there's been very little to no movement in the repricing of deposit accounts. There's been some incremental movements in certain savings and CDs, but nothing systematic in the consumer space. But that's pretty much as we would have expected with rates at these absolute levels. And so at some point in time, and that may be a couple, 3 more rate hikes from now, the dynamic may start to change, and so we haven't changed our perspective about what we think the ultimate reprice will look like. In Asset & Wealth Management, the story on deposit pricing is somewhat similar. A little bit more movement, but nothing particularly meaningful or dramatic. The story there is very much, again, as expected. At these levels of rates, you are seeing customers start to make choices to move certain of their deposit balances into investment assets. That's normal migration, migration that we expected and that we've modeled, and we are retaining those balances. So we are starting to see some of the dynamics we expected play out. That started happening at the beginning of the year and has continued to progress. And then in the wholesale space, there is a spectrum as well. So I would start with we're firmly on a reprice journey in wholesale, no doubt. And depending on where you are in the spectrum, it ranges from the smaller and lower middle market companies, where the reprice is modest, but present to the higher end, where it's reasonably high. And so overall, if I step back, that's where we are. If I step back and say, "Have we learned something new in this cycle that we didn't know?" The answer is, "No, not really." If you look at the first 4 rate hikes of the previous normalization cycle, the overall cumulative deposit reprice was pretty much the same as it is now. So we continue to believe that the dynamics that we've been talking about over the last several years and that we've expected will play out. They may not play out exactly as we have them modeled, but they will ultimately play out that way and that we have appropriately conservative reprice assumptions.

Answer_6:

          So at the risk of sort of hedging, it's actually a bit of both. The reality is there's always been 2 different camps on the reprice theories for consumer. There's been the camp of acute market awareness, low for long, technology enhancements allow movement of money to be easier, competition for retail deposits and good liquidity deposit is high. Therefore, reprice higher. And the counter to that, which has merit and which we are seeing to a degree, is customers feel that they're weighing a more balanced scorecard of things when they choose where to keep their deposits. And customer satisfaction, the suite of products and simplicity, the digital and online offerings as well as the safety, security and brand all matter and that price is a factor, but not the only one. So I would say we certainly feel that having a leading digital capability is critical to, overall, our customer franchise, and it will, in all likelihood, have an impact on the stickiness of deposits because customers value that kind of convenience very highly. I would also say one other thing about where we are right now, is that, as you know, as much as you're right about the sort of potential demand for these sort of high-liquidity value deposits, there's a lot of excess liquidity in the banking system. And although loan growth is solid, it's solid. So we aren't seeing a frenzy, albeit that we're very proud of our deposit growth.

Answer_7:

          Yes, welcome back.

Answer_8:

          I don't have that off the top of my head, but we can get back to you.

Answer_9:

          I fear -- here's what we'll do. I fear if I give you a ballpark, I'll get it wrong. While we're on the call, we'll get someone to send the details and let you know.

Answer_10:

          So we're doing a bit of all of the above. So I'll start with the comment which you heard from us before, but which we still strongly defend, which is that branches still matter. That 75% of our growth in deposits came from customers who have been using our branches. That, on average, a customer comes into our branches multiple times in a quarter. So I know that all sounds like old news, but it's still new news at -- or current news. So the branch distribution network matters. Customer preferences are changing, and we are not being complacent to that. So we are, underneath the overall 5,000-plus branches, continuing to consolidate, close, move, grow, change all of our branches in line with the opportunity in the market that we're in. So net for the year, we'll be down about 125 branches. We've closed more than that, consolidated some and added some. So we're not being complacent to the consumer preference story. But branches still matter a lot, and we're building out all of the other sort of omni-channel pieces, as you know, so that we have the complete offering. And if the customer behaviors start changing in a more accelerated fashion, we will respond accordingly.

Answer_11:

          Yes. So I would characterize this as -- over the 2 quarters of normal. So you may recall last quarter, there were a couple of things that we talked about. First was that there was a $75 million sort of onetime interest adjustment in mortgage, which artificially reduced loan yields for the quarter. And secondly, that seasonality and mix in Card similarly. So we would normally, in the law of extraordinarily big numbers, expect for a 25 basis point rate hike that we'd see about 10-ish basis points of improvement in loan yields across the whole portfolio. We didn't see that last quarter. What you're seeing this quarter is the reversal of those factors and the normal benefit of the June rate hike.

Answer_12:

          Yes. So as we look at the loss rates for this year, they're coming in, as we expected, at less than 3%. And as we look out to next year, based on what we know today, it's still in that 3% to 3.25% range, albeit maybe at the higher end of that range. So it's broadly in line with our expectations. So the reserve build -- and we -- in the consumer space, we move our reserves in -- not in dollar increments. But the reserve build is about a little less than 1/3 on the growth and a little more than 2/3 on normalization of rate.

Answer_13:

          I think that was about...

Answer_14:

          Yes. So -- yes, NII, so a couple of things. The first is just to sort of repeat the standard. Just as a sort of macro matter, we're more sensitive to the front end of rates than to the long end of rates, particularly over any short period of time. And so intra-quarter volatility in the 10-year, while it's not nothing, it's not like it would have a material impact on the run rate. We're -- clearly, an overall generally flatter long end of the curve, in general, on average, through the year, all other things being equal, will have had a dampening pressure on our expectations. And it's part of the reason why they went from 4.5% to 4%, not the only one, as we progress through the year. But generally speaking, intra-quarter volatility is not something that would have a meaningful impact on our run rate.

Answer_15:

          Okay. So on the first, I think it's quite important to, like, not look at the average and to kind of decompose it into constituent parts. Because we've talked before about the fact that we use our balance sheet strategically in CIB, but loan growth is not really a thing there. And so this quarter, we saw no loan growth in CIB. So no big deal, but it means that, that 7.5% core growth for the whole portfolio would have been, outside of CIB, closer to 9%. So start with that. Consumer has been pretty consistent. So across the consumer space, whether it's our jumbo mortgages, whether it's the Business Banking, Card, Auto loans and leases, they've been growing at reasonably solid and consistent high single-digit territory or even low double digit for mortgage over the last several quarters. And at this point, we don't really see anything that is suggesting that, that will moderate meaningfully. So where you're seeing -- and similarly, in Asset & Wealth Management on the banking side. So really, where you're seeing the growth moderate is in commercial, and it's in both the C&I loans and the commercial real estate loans. And they each have a story. With the commercial -- with the C&I loans, for us, the story is about moving from meaningfully outperforming the industry to being more in line with the industry. So over the course of the last couple of years, as we've added expansion market, opened new offices, added a couple hundred bankers, developed our specialized industry coverage models, we've been growing meaningfully better than the industry. And so you see that even in this quarter in our year-on-year growth, 8%, as compared to the quarter-on-quarter growth, where it is flatter. And that, to me, is really a factor of the fact that in this stage of the cycle, our clients have strong balance sheets. They have a lot of liquidity. They have had access to the capital market. And so GDP-plus growth is not unlikely to be a level for the foreseeable future. With commercial real estate, it's slightly different. We're still outpacing the industry, but we've kind of gone from very strong to strong, and we would continue to expect that to slowly moderate. And that's a number of things. It's some higher rates. It's actually a lot of competition. And then it's a lot also about client selectivity given where we are in the cycle. So we are being very cautious about new deals that we add to the pipeline and the client selection that we have. So all of those factors, I think, weigh into the commercial real estate space. Just -- tax reform, so fiscal stimulus. The reality right now is, although I think everyone and ourselves included are hopeful, obviously, that tax reform is done for the right reasons and that the economy responds accordingly, at this point, it's not front and center in the dialogue we're having with our clients about whether they should or shouldn't do a strategic deal or take an action. So I would say it's neither holding up business, nor spurring business, but that could change. So at this point, I'd say it's a factor, but not a driving factor, and that could change.

Answer_16:

          Well, so -- I mean, we'll just deal with the fourth quarter because I think the landscape of rate hikes for 2018 is an open question. But no, we would expect loan yields to hold relatively flat, all other things being equal. It's a very competitive environment. We aren't seeing -- we're seeing some pressure in commercial real estate spreads. We're seeing, generally, spreads holding up. But I would expect competitive pressures to keep loan yields relatively flat.

Answer_17:

          Yes. So we are -- at this point, we are, at that 3% charge-off rate, rising to 3% to 3.25% next year and growing, so you should continue to expect that we'll be adding to reserves. Our outlook for reserve adds next quarter is below this quarter. But obviously, we will continue to observe that. And with respect to the hurricanes, right now, in this quarter's results, in the credit lines, in mortgage particularly, and to a much lesser degree, in wholesale, we built -- effectively built $55 million of reserves. To sort of contextualize that, we have used our unfortunate experiences of Sandy and Andrew and other natural disasters to calibrate the assumptions we're using. At this point, it's early to be able to say how the losses will actually manifest themselves. It could be that it's lower than that, but that's also the central case right now, $50 million in mortgage and just a handful of million in the wholesale space.

Answer_18:

          Yes. So I'll just start with a bit of a philosophical discussion, which is it is our opinion that now, as much, if not more so than ever, the investments we're making in technology will effectively breed and deliver the efficiency. So to the degree that we are able to find incremental investments or accelerate them, we'll be willing to do that. And our expense numbers, our outlook has never -- have never been target. So that's just a sort of mental -- philosophical point of view that we would deliver any technology innovation and investments that we could execute well, that we think would be either accretive to our returns through revenues or efficiency. Specifically, when you look at the simulation, this is a point of technicality. In 2018, middle -- probably middle to third quarter of 2018, we are expecting that the FDIC DIF fund will reach its level at which the surcharge will be able to be reduced. That's a meaningful positive for us. And so if you look at the implied growth in expenses from '17 through the medium term, they are larger than is implied. But if we found the opportunity to do more or to accelerate more, we would do it and explain it to you. So we'll come back to that at Investor Day.

Answer_19:

          Yes. I think I'm -- so when we did some conferences at the end of the last year, I think that we said that we'd expect the revenue rates for the full year this year to be 10.5%, and it will be a little better than that. And the revenue rate increase in the quarter speaks to a little bit of spread and a little bit of lower premium. It will go down the next quarter because of the fourth quarter effect of the Sapphire Reserve travel credit for overall, call it, 10.6% for the year. But yes, we do expect to hit the 11.25% in the first half of next year. And we've reached the inflection point end of the third -- second quarter and into the third quarter, where growth is offsetting the impacts of the significant upfront investments in Sapphire Reserve. Then we'll see revenues grew from here.

Answer_20:

          Yes. So I'll just start with credit for a second because although we absolutely expect at some point that we're going to see normalization of credit -- we haven't seen that yet, I just want to make that clear, that we are appropriately cautious in sharing everything, but we're not seeing any deterioration or any thematic fragility in our portfolio that we're concerned about at this point. With respect to the revenue side of the story and the efficiency side, I mean, it really is a story of all of the things you mentioned sort of all coming together at the same time. So we have been adding to -- we have our expansion markets from the Walmart acquisition. We've been adding new markets and opening offices. We've been adding bankers. And as you know...


          We're in all 50 of the top MSA now.


          Yes. We are in all 50 of our top MSAs now. And we've been adding bankers. And as you know, when you add all of these investments, for a period of time, when they are still in the buildup mode, you don't see that drop to the bottom line or to the top line. And now we're starting to see our bankers hit their stride, become very productive, the balances are building. And then I would also say that this is a -- the epicenter of delivering the whole platform to our clients. So if you think about what we're able to offer our clients in terms of international capabilities, banking coverage across industries, core cash, global payments, we have a platform offering, I think, that is -- well, it's certainly complete, and it's somewhat differentiated. And then the third thing I would say is that it's a buttoned-up business. We have been looking at efficiency and expenses and really working on making sure that due to simplification processes that we went through in 2013, '14 and '15, that we are focusing all of our efforts on our core strategic clients, and it's paying off.

Answer_21:

          Yes. So I would say it's almost -- like you said, there are so many uncertainties that it's almost talking about hypothetical at this point, as encouraged as we are with the ongoing dialogue. My view is sentiment is relatively high. In fact, it's ticked up slightly over the course of the last short while. So from that vantage point, we're in a position of strength. And there would necessarily be some lag, so whether that is a couple of quarters or longer. So certainly, in the foreseeable future, you would hope to be able to see increased demand and confidence leading to action.

Answer_22:

          Yes. So I'll start with the excess liquidity question because while we feel very, very good about our liquidity position, and you will have seen in the recent disclosures where everyone is positioned and necessarily, even if LCR was the only consideration, people would want to be running a Basel II LCR. So -- but LCR is not the only consideration. And the other most notable one I would point out to you would be resolution planning. So know that when we have our overall liquidity position, we're taking into consideration a combination of constraints. And so what may look excess in one -- on one lever may not be as excess on another. The second I would say is that when we look at the deployment of our HQLA, we look at it in the context of our sort of target for what we want the duration of equity for the company to be over the course of the normalization in rates. And obviously, it's not just about liquidity. It's also about duration. So we're comfortable with our liquidity position. We have a framework for deploying it and for thinking about the spot and forward-looking duration of the company. That's not to say that we are not opportunistic in taking advantage of moves that are technical in the long end of rates to either deploy or to undeploy dry powder, and we still have some. So it's more than just liquidity. It's also duration, and we've taken the overall balance sheet and our expectations and our target into consideration, albeit that we still have some dry powder.


          And we maximize for between loans, securities.


          Yes, yes.

Answer_23:

          So it will be over the short while, and our full expectation outside of any other, like, stimulation is that as the front end of rates goes up and as gradual QE unwind happens, that you're going to see the long end of rates go up, albeit more slowly. So it's pretty typical at this point in the normalization cycle to have a curve flattened. That's what we're seeing. That's what we would expect. I would expect to continue to see the long end rise. And yes, it should be NIM-accretive.

Answer_24:

          So I would say it's wallet share. It's blocking and tackling. We did pretty well in Europe, and -- but there is still a lot of competition. So I would say it's less about the specifics of any one competitor because the environment is pretty competitive and just about sort of reasonably broad strength. Two things that I would also point out is, the first, in equity underwriting, similar to -- in FICC, we gained a couple hundred basis points a share in the third quarter of last year. So on an apples-to-apples basis to where we would normally expect our shares to be, we're still doing very well.


          I would just say, I think the competition is fundamentally fully back.


          Yes.


          It's not that they're -- or most of these players are all out there. Some specialize in certain areas, but it's fully competitive. And you have new entrants soon, like the Chinese banks, et cetera.

Answer_25:

          Okay, that was a lot. So look, first of all, we welcomed the report. And it's a long report, a couple hundred pages. There's a lot of recommendations, very comprehensive. So kudos to the Treasury for delivering it. And we are supportive of those recommendations kind of at large. And I think the most important thing to remind you is that this is not about materially changing the legislative landscape. It's about recalibrating -- sensibly recalibrating the specifics of individual rules over time. And so we're still digesting the report, but we are supportive. It is very comprehensive, and it could be very beneficial to the liquidity and depth of the capital market, which is what we should all hope for and not contrary to safety and soundness. So in that sense, very supportive, all good. It's going to be complicated, and it will take time, but the will is there. And so whether it's the administration or the regulators, there's a general recognition that there's the ability and the appetite to want to make rational change. And so if that helps to grow the economy and all the things that come with that, we're working as constructively as we can on that.

Answer_26:

          Yes, so we're building, obviously, kind of beta platforms for trading and investing and things like that. And also, the P2P, Zelle which is doing quite well. We look at all those things as things you want to -- from the client standpoint, we want to offer to a client. And at one point, we'll be talking about a more -- testing what we think might or might not work, and then we'll give you more of a strategic view of that probably around Investor Day.

Answer_27:

          So we have a fairly large mortgage loan portfolio in addition to having a large portfolio in our investment securities in MBS. So we are already reasonably equivalently mixed in terms of our percentage of mortgage exposure to our total assets or loans to the competitive landscape. And so trust me when I tell you that you talk about excess liquidity because of LCR and we are thinking about more than just LCR. And we do -- as I said, while we do maintain a short position and the cost of being short is relatively cheap, we don't have the kind of capacity to invest $100-plus billion in MBS right now or anything that's meaningful like that to generate higher returns without blowing through our duration target.

Answer_28:

          No, no, no. We haven't. We -- as we talked about before -- a while ago, we made some surgical changes to our credit box in the Card space, but that's, if anything, I would say, incredibly granular, incredibly surgically tightening, not the reverse. Whether that's in Card, in certain micro sales or whether that's in Auto, I would say we've been pretty conservative. And we're probably doing, at the very margin, a little bit of tightening.

Answer_29:

          No. So I mean, congratulations to them if they have a high degree of confidence on what 2018 CCAR is going to look like. So I will tell you this. We said very clearly that we feel that the company should operate within the range of 11% to 12.5%. We feel like it should be lower in that range. And having a capital plan approved of $19.4 billion of share buybacks over the next 4 quarters and over 100% payout based on analyst estimates is a start. So nothing has changed about that objective, but we would want to be measured about the pace at which we do it until we have a bit more final clarity on what the new generation of capital rules will look like. So we hopefully will know more as we go into the next cycle of capital planning. We haven't changed our point of view that we should be able to continue that journey down into the range, and that would be our objective. To tell you that we can give you the road map for that today, I think, is not accurate. So -- but you can do your -- you can and you have done your own math. You can -- your base -- look at our earning outlook in your earnings models and payouts of over 100%, and you can see that we can move down in that same time frame to something much lower than we are now. It's not towards the bottom, but that's not to say that we will be able to do that. We need to go through tests.

Answer_30:

          Yes. So I think I got that. So the compliance burden and the readiness and the work to be ready is a significant heavy lift not just for us, but, as you say, for all market participants. And so there is the possibility that effective at the beginning of the year, there will be ongoing work that needs to get done. We feel like we're reasonably well positioned and -- to defend our position. But there's no doubt that over the course of the year and beyond that people get clearer and clearer on transparency and cost to execute versus advice versus content that there may be competitive dynamics to change. And we feel like we've been building for the last several years to be ready for those dynamics. So there could be some bumps. I don't think it's anything that we're concerned about at this point, and we will all learn a little more as we go through 2018.

Answer_31:

          So I would say that, for sure, has to be part of it. And even with the auto situation, what you're seeing is, I think, a marketplace that is much more responsive. So while we felt like we got ahead of the issues and tightened early, you've seen the sort of industry generally move in that direction. So I think there's no doubt that the environment, in totality, sort of capital liquidity controls regulation has led to higher-quality loan books. And so yes, we have been pressure-tested. Energy was a 1 in 100-year flood. And I think the industry, and specifically our portfolio, performed really quite well. And that's not to say that there isn't a point of pain out there somewhere we just -- that we won't see. We just feel like we'll be in a good position to get through that.

Answer_32:

          Yes.


          Yes, but no. Yes, (inaudible). So I would tell you that we are seeing that rotation start. If you go back even 3 years ago, we kind of gave you an outline of what we thought would happen. We said we're going to see rotations from the high wealth segment into investment assets, followed ultimately by the consumer space. We'll see retail deposits move into money funds. We'll see outflows of wholesale, not deposits, as the Fed shrinks its balance sheet. But those things are going to play out over the course of the next -- depending on the rate cut, over the course of the next 2 to 4 years. So we've begun to see it. It should be expected. I don't think it tells us anything new or different necessarily at this point.

Answer_33:

          Yes. So look, our card spend growth at 13% up year-on-year is still very strong. So when we say moderated, it's from very strong to very strong. And it is in part due to the number of new products we've had. So we would continue -- the Sapphire Reserve card spend engagement is very strong, and we're very pleased with it. So it's not -- I wouldn't say it's a moderation necessarily. It's just, at these very high levels, from a slightly higher to very strong is still a great story.

Answer_34:

          So if you think about -- our first acquisitions were in August and September. So we're kind of at the early stages. So far, very encouraging. So far, better than our expectations. But a little early to sort of draw firm conclusions on it, but very encouraging.

