Question_1:

          Two questions. One, on the revenue lift in the Consumer & Community Bank. I know on Slide 4 you highlighted that the 6% up year-on-year is driven by the higher NII and deposit margin expansion. Could you just describe a little bit if this is just the start of an improvement in transfer pricing that the Consumer Banking division is benefiting from? And is there a lag that, we should expect, would continue to drive up this revenue lift over the next several quarters?

Question_2:

          And then -- right, but that FTP methodology should continue to drive up margin -- deposit margin over the next couple of quarters.

Question_3:

          Okay. And then the second question is just how you're dealing with the Equifax fallout. The real -- the question here is, does the breach that occurred drive any changes to how you are assessing credit requests that come in, how you're filtering for what you perceive as fraud risk and how you're managing the book of outbound credit requests that you're looking for from a proactive perspective on your loan book?

Question_4:

          And as a result, expense impact, loan growth impact, de minimis from your perspective?

Question_5:

          I wanted to follow up to your responses, Marianne, on no pressure on deposit pricing. I'm wondering if you could -- especially in light of your deposit growth strength, and especially in the Consumer, give us a sense on how repricing trends are today in terms of the consumer wealth management versus wholesale deposits.

Question_6:

          Got it. And my follow-up question on that is you're one of the few firms that have been really talking about anticipating the impact from a Fed balance sheet reduction over the next several years. And the question I often get from investors is, obviously, in particular, retail is valuable not just for the price of it today, but on an LCR basis. And how would you respond to the question, given the 6% growth in digital in the consumer bank and 12% growth in mobile, does technology help with the stickiness of the consumer deposits? Or does it potentially aid in the velocity of switching?

Question_7:

          Can you hear me?

Question_8:

          My question is on the consumer and the community bank, a 3-part question. First, what percent of your customers have online bill pay? I'm trying to get back to that stickiness of the deposits.

Question_9:

          Okay. Can you give a ballpark? I don't think you've disclosed that before. Is it, like, to the nearest quarter or...

Question_10:

          Okay. And then the second part is -- I mean, you're talking -- the deposit beta has been lower. You gave your caveat. But mobile bank customers are up 12% year-over-year. Why do you still need 5,200 branches? Isn't this a good time to close branches when deposit competition isn't as tough as it might be in the future?

Question_11:

          A question first on the loan side, on the yields. So last quarter, they held flat. And this quarter, they're up 16 basis points. I just wonder if you could help us understand, was that more just the mechanics of timing of hikes moving through your variable rates? Was -- is it any element of pricing? Or any other things you could just help us understand why we saw that great, nice improvement there?

Question_12:

          Got it, okay. And my second question, with the Card build, you took the reserve for Card to around 3.3%. I know you had talked about staying below a 3% Card loss rate for this year. But I'm just wondering, as we get into next year, you kind of had a medium-term idea of 3% to 3.25%. How are you feeling about that in terms of the seasoning of the Card book and loss rates?

Question_13:

          I don't know. Maybe it's a little nitty-gritty, but you're definitely the person for this. Point to point, the yield curve was about the same. 10-year was about the same.

Question_14:

          10-year was about the same, point to point. However, throughout the quarter, the curve was much flatter. I'm just curious if that has any dampening effect in any given quarter. And maybe the better way to ask it is, could it have a little bit more of a positive run rate as we go forward?

Question_15:

          Okay, cool. And in terms of the loan growth, I think it's completely normal to see some moderation, and you're still doing reasonably better than the industry. I'm curious on the main source of maybe the moderation ticking down a little bit. And then more importantly, is it too soon to ask if any of this talk on tax reform and decent economic data is having a pickup in the conversations on the loans growth side?

Question_16:

          Maybe just a quick question on the outlook on the net interest margin, if -- should we still expect some grinding higher of asset yields even without rate hikes? How do we think about that trajectory, assuming we don't get any more rate hikes from here?

Question_17:

          Okay. And just maybe on the reserve build outlook. Should we still expect it to kind of track with growth and keep the reserve ratio kind of similar in Cards where we are now? Or do you still anticipate some additional building? How do we think about that? And if you could size the hurricane impact, that would be great this quarter.

Question_18:

          Marianne, I was wondering if you could discuss how you're balancing all the investments you're doing in IT and business growth with the efficiency mindset that you guys always have. I guess one of the frameworks is if I look at the 3-year simulation you provided in February, a lot of the expense growth seemed to happen this year. We have kind of a $2 billion increase in adjusted expense. And post-2017, the expense growth looks very modest. So maybe just talk about -- a little bit about the leverage you're using to keep expenses in check as you're doing all the investments.

Question_19:

          Okay, and then just a follow-up. You mentioned the Card revenue run rate has moved up again nicely this quarter. It seems like you might be able to get to your target by the early half of next year. Is there upside to that revenue run rate target? Is that -- are things coming in better than expected in terms of the moderation of promo rates and things like that? Or maybe could you just give a little color there?

Question_20:

          Just following up on, Marianne, on the Commercial Banking business. You've had -- you've obviously -- you've had very good momentum there over the last couple years, and you did talk about credit dynamics in moderation in credit growth and sort of a normalization back towards industry trends. But can you just comment a little bit more broadly about some of the initiatives you've had there from a revenue standpoint, whether it be the middle markets initiative, BI -- the growth in IB, international and whatnot? The earnings growth has obviously been very, very strong in this business, and it's starting to move the needle a little bit. But if you can just give us a little bit of color on the opportunity set you see there.

Question_21:

          No, that's great. I guess sort of a related question on the Commercial Banking business that's a little bit of a follow-up as well on tax reform. Obviously, the Congress -- or the administration and House Ways and Congress released a blueprint so Congress can now start to flesh out a tax plan. And obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty as to the content, the timing, heck, whether it even happens or not. But how -- if we do see something that is sensible, however you want to define it, how quickly do you think that we could start to see that beating through into better sentiment and ultimately, into better demand or increased demand for credit?

Question_22:

          Can you talk about how your -- can you just talk a bit about how you're managing the excess liquidity? You've obviously continued to build cash. The securities book has shrunk. It makes sense given the flatter yield curve, but you combine that with still good deposit trends and a strong loan growth and obviously, a challenge as you think about protecting them going forward. So maybe you just talk about the dynamics there and how you're thinking about the yield curve, how to manage that.

Question_23:

          And then just a follow-up on the rate sensitivity. I mean, you mentioned before -- or you reiterated before you're more leveraged through the short end of the curve. If we get continued increases on the short end of the curve but the 10-year doesn't go anywhere, is that still NIM-accretive as it's been thus far?

Question_24:

          You touched on this a little bit, but maybe you can give us a little more color. You mentioned in your opening remarks you increased your market share in investment banking. Can you share with us, is it -- are you getting a bigger wallet share? Or are you winning more customers? And also, are -- some of your competitors are still struggling. Is that also a factor?

Question_25:

          Very good. And then possibly, Jamie, if you want to weigh in on this, what's your guys read of the new Treasury report on changes coming in the capital markets that was released in early October? Any specific items in there that you guys looked at that would be specifically beneficial that you'd like to see change? And what's the probability of it happening? And could it happen sometime next year?

Question_26:

          Jamie, I was actually hoping you could update us on your efforts to launch your online brokerage offering, it's something that you had mentioned in your last letter, and was curious, since it comes up with investors quite often, how you view the opportunity set in that business for JP, whether it's an effort to just build a moat around your current client cash balances and maybe fill a void. Or is your intention to become a bit more disruptive in the space and actually attract many more customers and potentially even offer more aggressive pricing and terms?

Question_27:

          Got it, okay. And Marianne, just wanted to follow up on some of the discussion around excess liquidity management. And I appreciate the fact that you guys certainly want to be conservative in thinking about duration and maybe taking a more holistic view of the asset side of the balance sheet. But looking at the LCR disclosures and just given the stark contrast in terms of how much you have parked in the way of excess reserves and relatively low levels of MBS compared with your peers, how you're thinking about duration management and whether you do have additional capacity to actually remix some of that cash of the Fed into higher-yielding MBS, especially as we think about the Fed balance sheet unwind dynamics.

Question_28:

          Just a quick question on loan growth. You just had another decent quarter of the growth in residential mortgage. Maybe looking across Consumer, is there anywhere where you've had to kind of open up a credit box in order to growth there? I know you mentioned that loan yields are expected to be tight on competition, probably not increase as much, but have you had to go down market at all for loan growth?

Question_29:

          I was wondering if you could talk a bit more about the quantum and timing of return of excess capital. Of course, one of your notable competitors has given a very detailed strategy of how to do this by the end of 2019. Are you in a situation to adopt a similar strategy?

Question_30:

          Okay, fair enough. And I have a different question. MiFID II is high on everybody's minds. I think everyone's focused on the impact on equity research and FICC research. But I mean, there's broader implications possibly for how that might impact trading, not just from your own point of view but also from the point of view of clients who might not be compliant by the end of the year. How does that weigh on your mind? And what impacts could we expect there?

Question_31:

          I was going to ask you about the credit. You pulled out and highlighted auto after we went through kind of an episode of possible deterioration. You put that together with energy and what we experienced last year, those are our first 2 pressure points on the credit cycle. And really, we've come through without any real heartburn from either. Does that tell us something about the derisking and underwriting discipline that the banks in particular have adopted since the financial crisis?

Question_32:

          And then flipping over to deposit growth. What we saw -- as you kind of layer deposits and institutional deposits, corporate deposits, retail deposits, we're starting to see a little bit of a pressure in the sense of institutional deposits and wealth management began to decline. Corporate and retail still show a lot of strength. Just kind of think about that dynamic because that's really where you begin to see pressure on betas as typically when you see pressure on volumes, we just haven't seen it in the core deposit base yet. So a premium for liquidity that's been kind of pushed into those core customers from corporate and retail seems to be pretty persistent, which will mean the duration and the length and the growth of deposits will be much longer than what we probably anticipated before.

Question_33:

          A follow-up question. So Card revenues are tracking well per your other comment, but the year-over-year Card spend growth has moderated some. Can you talk about the trend with the Sapphire Reserve card?

Question_34:

          And with such a great deal a year ago, are you -- what's the attrition like with the customers?

