Question_1:

    Muhtar, I was hoping you could step around the world and dive a little bit deeper into certain markets and regions to help us separate out the impact of nonrecurring factors that hit your second quarter. First is any macro related factors that can continue to pressure the business in the second half. You had mentioned macro factors in Brazil, Mexico, Europe, and China. Will those continue to be as big an impact in the second half as the second quarter and if not why? And then maybe if you could help quantify maybe what you think the weather-related impact was in the second quarter?

Question_2:

    Gary, I just wanted to ask a clarification about the back half of the year. Your commentary on the financials, it sounds like you're saying you're going to get to that level in the back half of the year and not the back half of the year will get you to the long-term algorithm for the full year. At least that's how I interpreted it. Can you just clarify that?

Question_3:

    Got it. Okay. Thanks. Then my actual question here was, Gary, you got positive price mix in the vast -- in every region this quarter with the exception of Pacific. And yet it's not going up to full positive price mix here. How do we view the regional price mix versus the geographic offset and how does this fit into your long-term algorithm? Because it seems like this is something that's most likely going to continue to be a notable overhang?

Question_4:

    I just wanted to go back to the second half expectations and clearly you can't control the macros and the weather, but I would just like to hear a little bit more specifically on some of the actions that you're doing to improve the volume performance, particularly in markets like China where there's a macro issue but there's also competitive issue, there's also portfolio issue just in terms of not participating in some of the fast growth segments. So can you just talk about how you're thinking about marketing investments, how you're thinking about your portfolio? Can you accelerate price tag architecture strategy more aggressively to really get the volume performance even if the macros don't come back and/or the weather continues to be challenging?

Question_5:

    Just two quick questions. What are the trends like recently? It seems like you're pretty bullish in the back half. So as you exited June and got into July, it looks like some of the weather normalized, so what are you seeing more recently? And then minutia but the big margin decline percentage year-over-year in Europe, what's the primary driver of that?

Question_6:

    Got you but so they should be down going forward though because of that because Innocent is now fully consolidated?

Question_7:

    Got you. So from a dollar margin perspective it's almost neutral but the percentages change because of the price component?

Question_8:

    Gary, just a question for you related to share repurchases. With the stock the way it's performed in the second quarter, did you accelerate or do anything different in terms of timing of maybe pulling forward share repurchases? And then the business right now is bouncing around the low end of your algorithm and the stock has bounced around in a pretty tight range here recently. So is there any consideration to maybe even buying back more stock than you originally planned just because you've got an opportunity to buy it here at the -- around the $40 level?

Question_9:

    Okay. But not out of the realm of possibility that you could go higher if you chose to?

Question_10:

    Muhtar or Gary, question on the gross margin evolution. I don't want to put words in your mouth but it seems like one of the silver linings here is that the price pack architecture work you've been doing over several years has allowed you to put up a pretty decent gross margin number and offset some of the corresponding earnings disappointment that comes from the revenues being what they were in the quarter. If that is a fair assessment, can you give us a bit of an update on what's going on in terms of innovation, not in terms of the price, the pack but in terms of what's really in the bottle because that seems to be one of the problems you're facing from a larger share performance absolute NARTD performance perspective?

Question_11:

    It does, yes. Absolutely. The geographic headwind is what it is.

Question_12:

    That's helpful. And if I could simply follow up on this subject of a stevia-based sweetener in the brand -- on the door, so to speak. Coca-Cola, we have seen what you've said recently about globally taking down the portion of your volume that is in the full-cal portion of your business. Should we infer here that there's an increased resolve to use organic sweeteners against the main brand here and there's some optimism globally for that potential?

Question_13:

    So the general theme of my couple questions is really what we are all trying to figure out, which is, what's going to get better from here and why, and not only in terms of volume but also in terms of some of the other key drivers of profitability. So if I may, my first question is around North America and although you say in the press release, you remain committed to rational pricing, price mix was only up 1% and do you think volumes would have been down more than negative 4% if you had taken more than 1% pricing so taken 2% to 3% pricing or can we hope for that part of the business, the pricing in North America improving going forward? And as a follow-up to that, in a completely different per cap market like China, following up to Ahmet's point a second ago, I just want to get a better sense of if evolving a strategy has anything to do with increased price promotion as well, as it sometimes does with some companies?

