Answer_1:

    Good morning.

Answer_2:

    Yes, Dara, good morning. I think first it's important to realize that there is different timing across the world to some of the volatility and macroeconomics, and particularly what's interesting for us which is disposable incomes. So I think China has already had a slowdown and is beginning to recover. We see that. And there's always also a lag between the GDP per capitas and disposable income. So also important to realize that they don't all happen at the same time. The numbers don't correspond to each other one-to-one.
And so we do see an improvement in Southeast Asia and parts of certainly China, where things have stabilized and things, people are beginning to normalize their habits. And in the last three, four months we've seen a flight of currency from emerging markets, market stock exchanges in countries back into North America. That's had impact on disposable incomes in Latin America, in Eurasia, in countries like Turkey, and other countries, in certain other countries in North Africa. So, yes, those -- and you can track stock exchange indexes and you can track disposable income growth or slowdowns. They are all very related and we do see that the world is not just one city or one element of volatility. There's different pockets of volatility happening at the same time. And what is, what we are fortunate with is the great portfolio, a wonderful portfolio where India slowed down maybe seven, eight, nine months ago.
We see some comeback in terms of disposable income I'm talking about, and China is the same. Southeast Asia I would say are similar. Philippines also pretty much in that camp. And then we certainly also see that we've still got some headwinds maybe in other parts of the world. So there's some tailwinds coming and some headwinds coming. And we continue to invest in our brands and when you look at our performance, we have sequential improvement in many parts of the world, particularly when you look at places like India, places like China, Atayan, even also developed markets such as Australia and also South Africa. And our African continent, I haven't mentioned that, countries that are some sub-South Africa that are usually south of 80 per capita, again, grew in a very healthy manner this past quarter, about 5% up. And we expect Africa to continue to generate good results and economies in Africa seem to be pretty buoyant and seem not to be too impacted. But of course they are very slow level of their per capita development as well. I hope that helps.

Answer_3:

    I thinks it's pretty -- as I said, different pockets showing different results, but we have a very, very sharp focus on -- I was down in Latin America recently a month ago. I visited many countries in Africa recently as well as in Asia. We have an incredibly sharp focus on brand price pack channel architecture, new price points, lower price points, more focus on affordability, more focus on returnable packs and smaller packs. Individual packs that help continue to keep the drinkers' base growing, which is key and essential to when economies also start turning up and when disposable income starts heading north.

Answer_4:

    Good morning.

Answer_5:

    Yes, thanks, Bill. First, philosophically, from a strategic vantage point, the whole story of balanced growth we believe is still very impact. Balance being growth in western markets, growth in emerging markets, balance being growth in sparkling and growth in still beverages. And you see that happening in this past quarter as well. So we've grown in markets like the United States, which we believe is a long-term growth market. When you think about it, 14 of the last -- of the last 14 consecutive quarters, we've grown in all but one of them. And now we've generated, again, 2% growth, with 2% growth of brand Coca-Cola.
So we -- Australia grew. Many important markets in Western Europe grew. Germany grew again 3%. Countries in Northwest Europe generated good healthy growth for us. And then emerging markets. Yes, there's some headwinds that are happening in emerging markets but we believe they are very temporary. The whole demographic, the whole investment, the whole story of 1 billion new middle class still holds very strong in our opinion by 2020. Over this past decade that we're in, this decade that we're in, a billion new middle class.
That bodes very well for the industry we're in and we believe we can continue to generate very healthy good growth. We believe we can continue to generate very healthy price earnings. I mean, I'm sorry, price mix. And we believe that, therefore, in this, like in this past quarter which was where we did see a lot of headwinds, we generated 4% revenue growth and 8% currency-neutral operating income growth. And we believe that we had a lot of headwinds. So as economies begin to move, I think we'll see a lot of improvement. And I'll ask Ahmet as well to make some comments on this and if need be also ask Steve to add his commentary.


    Thank you, Muhtar. Bill, you mentioned a few items. I'll just focus on a couple of them. Emerging markets, as you know, if you look at the history that it goes through cycles. So it has a cycle of years and years of growth and every now and then you have economic headwind, and you manage through that. But emerging growth, emerging markets growth economically certainly isn't over, and we have a formula which pretty much closely shows that as personal consumption grows, we actually grow with it.
Now, having said that, in some of the emerging markets where there might be personal consumption and macro headwinds, we could still grow, like India, because we have very low per caps and we have significant investments in feet on the street, infrastructure, brands. We're just really building our business. And India showed that again this year. So that's what I would say about your comment of emerging markets. The growth story there is far from over for a long time to come. And I guess the rest were about US pricing and decline in soft drinks. So maybe I should just pass that on to Steve.


    Yes. Thanks, Ahmet. First, I would just underscore on the broader question, what Muhtar said in his prepared remarks, that in this quarter we delivered the highest number of servings ever reported in the third quarter. So I think that bodes well for our growth story going forward. But with regards to North America pricing, which I heard you ask, Bill, and in particular, sparkling price. We feel good about delivering positive price mix in the quarter of plus 1%, in line with our strategy to consistently earn at least 1 to 2 points of sparkling with consumers. And in the US Coke system remains committed to taking rational pricing and we've done this very well over the past several years. In fact, we achieved 2 to 3 points of price mix in sparkling beverages and across our total portfolio in both 2011 and 2012. Year-to-date, we're 2% sparkling price mix, which we feel good about.
But I think it's important to remember, we've always said that we're going to focus on consumer-centric pricing. And if I can give you an example of that, the average price today of an 8-ounce serving of Coca-Cola is $0.25, exactly $0.25. This is up over 5% versus two years ago and it's up nearly 10% versus three years ago, which compares very favorably to the US inflation market. And this tells me really three things. First, at $0.25 we do not have an affordability issue. Coca-Cola remains a very affordable indulgence. Two, we've been able to earn price above inflation in the United States. And three, we still have plenty of room to continue to take price.
But now addressing the third quarter in particular, we acknowledge we did strategically invest in select promotional activity in the back half of the summer through the Labor Day holiday. Given that we essentially didn't have much of a Fourth of July holiday and Memorial Day holiday, this Labor Day acted much more like a Fourth of July holiday. But these investments were tied to specific occasion-based brands and packages to help drive incremental household penetration, which they did, attract more consumers into the category, which happened, and is very much in line with our long-standing North American strategy. And all of these activities that we did, all of them, to take price in the marketplace, I think set us up very well to take more price in this quarter and going into 2014. So we're very confident that the pricing environment in North America remains very rational and that we'll be able to continue to earn price in the marketplace in this quarter and going forward in the next year.


    Yes, just let me round out that question with one final remark, Bill, and that is that once again if you take our world average per capita of around 90, just under 90, and you take the most populous nations of the world that are less than half of that per capita, India, China, Indonesia. Way below that number, way below half of that number, we believe there's -- and many other parts of the world as well in Africa, the youngest billion, we believe the critics, whoever they are, are wrong. I don't understand that sentiment. We're growing while others are not at the moment. And our business and balanced portfolio is built for times like these. So we see this as a time of opportunity.

Answer_6:

    Good morning.

Answer_7:

    Yes. Look, Bryan, firstly let me just address that by saying regressive taxes do not work, period. And wherever we have seen them being implemented in some cases, they have been taken away by the government after two, three years, basically like in Denmark. They are not working wherever else they have been implemented, and so the consumer suffers in them. It's proven time and time after again. We've made our case to the government. We have tremendous respect for the government of President Pena Niento. And we need to understand that, and we've made our case that this really does not have anything to do with health policy. In order to address the health policy properly, we have to come and work together with government and with civil society to raise the awareness and to create programs that really work. That really drive physical activity and, therefore, just a regressive discriminatory tax on one part of the food industry just is not going to work and apparently that's all I would really like to say, because its discussions are in progress and I don't want to comment any further.

Answer_8:

    I just don't want to comment on it at this moment. As I said, there are a lot of discussions going on and it would be wrong for me to publicly comment on any of those discussions and, therefore, we'll deal with whatever the result is in the most effective way. I can assure you that we will continue to prosper the business. We're one of the largest, we are the largest consumer goods business in the country. We are one of the largest contributors to the GDP in that country by a big margin, and we support millions of retailers in the country effectively for their livelihood and, therefore, I think that we will certainly find the right way forward, whatever happens.

Answer_9:

    Okay, John. Let me see how well I can do on this and then you can come back and ask. But first, going to price mix, and just as a reprise in general on price mix, generally what we see, and I'm going to take this in steps, generally what we see is you see pricing. So you see rate and mix, positive rate and mix, would be positive across almost all of the groups. You would then see negative, generally, you would see negative geographic mix and it's basically a function of higher growth in emerging market countries than developed market countries, which would give you a negative geographic mix. Then on top of that, and you're absolutely right, then where we own bottlers and they're growing, and that gives you then a positive price mix because they're finished products versus concentrate.
So a couple things. So if you go back to the second quarter, I talked about margins and I thought margins would moderate and because of geographic mix. And the follow-up to questions I remember, I said because we expect North America to actually perform better and that will actually hurt margins because it's a finished product business where margins are lower. But it helps price mix. And what you're seeing today is while price mix in North America was even for the quarter, we are getting positive price mix from our finished product businesses.
Going forward, and not talking specifically about 2014 because we're still in the midst of planning 2014 and we'll give you a full review on our views on next year in the February call, we are planning to take appropriate pricing and Steve referred to taking pricing in North America as well. So we are expecting to take pricing. So going forward, what I would expect to see is that we should have a positive in rate going forward. We should have a positive in mix going forward. We should have a positive from finished products going forward. And we should have a negative from geographic mix. So that's the kind of -- and if you add all of that up, it should be a positive price mix. That's what we would expect and it's what we would expect as what's in our long-term earnings road model, is positive price mix long term.
Now, let me see if I can turn to operating income. When I was talking about operating income, it was definitely currency-neutral. It was -- and ex structural. So let's be very clear on both of those, currency-neutral and ex structural So operating income was 8% currency-neutral ex structural for the quarter, and 6% year-to-date currency-neutral ex structural. And what I said was we now expect the full year to be generally in line with the first half of the year. So somewhere in that ball park and that is net of currency-neutral and net of the structural impact because I can tell you with the structural impact, it's a point of negative structural impact and so that would take our year-to-date from 6% to 5%, for example. So just to be clear, ex structural, currency-neutral.

Answer_10:

    Yes, without giving guidance, what we're basically saying is that the full year we think ex structural and ex currency, it ought to be in line pretty much with where we are year-to-date.


    Yes.


    Okay.

Answer_11:

    Yes, Steve, you want to address that?


    Yes, thanks, Judy. First, I did talk specifically about diets. I would underscore that we have a very wide portfolio in North America led by brand Coca-Cola, which is twice the size of Diet Coke, and brand Coca-Cola, as you know, grew 2% in the quarter which we're very pleased with. Diet Coke is like a lot of diet products in the United States, and not just beverages but across the whole array of food, are under a bit of pressure as people are questioning ingredients, ingredient safety, and so forth. But we believe very strongly in the future of Diet Coke, the number two sparkling brand in the United States. We've got terrific programs against it. We're actually seeing increased incidents in the past quarter, between 19- and 24-year olds. We think a lot of that has to do with the exciting new promotions with Taylor Swift, some of the new packaging we're bringing into the marketplace, an increased focus on Diet Coke.
But there are headwinds. There are headwinds that we're facing. And we face headwinds in a lot of different areas, a lot of different places, and this is just one of them. But last year it became the second best selling sparkling in the United States and we're continuing to focus on it. Coke Zero, also a part of our zero-calorie portfolio, grew mid-single digits in the quarter. So we're very happy about that. We've got a great program around Coke Zero, College GameDay just kicked off, it's really becoming ever-more relevant with young males. So we're confident that throughout our whole portfolio, we're offering consumers exactly what they want, when they want it, how they want it, at the right prices that they want it, and we'll continue to focus on any of the headwinds around Diet Coke. And we're confident that it has a bright future in this country.

Answer_12:

    Well, Judy this, is Muhtar. First, I think it's important to understand that, and I've said this in the past, that economies that are performing at a different pace in the continent of Europe, not everywhere is really bad, not everywhere is really good. And so you still have very challenging consumer sentiments in Spain and Italy and Greece and Portugal and the South, in Southeast Europe, in what used to be termed as the Balkans, Romania, Bulgaria, former Yugoslavia. It's very challenging environment. And then you've got a better environment in Northwest Europe and then certainly the best environment still in Germany. And so based on those, our business also reflects some of those conditions and so it's a pretty good mirror actually. And I'll ask Irial to comment on Germany and why we've been consistently performing in Germany and growing our business and, again, there is tremendous sequential improvement versus the first half in many countries of Northwest Europe, in Scandinavia and also Northwest European countries. Irial?


    Thanks, Muhtar. And this actually goes back to one of the earlier questions. I think in Germany we've got an economy that's doing okay. We have got actually really good marketing married up with continued excellent execution. And you bring all of that together and you get great results. And for me in Germany, it gives me great confidence about the future of our business, quite frankly, because we are seeing where we put in the hard work, where we do the right things in the business, we do get good results. And Germany is just an example of what can happen, quite frankly, in many markets around the world as the economies turn and improve.


    Ahmet, do you want to comment?


    Yes, I just wanted to -- hello, Judy. I just wanted to add to the others that we had a very, very strong Share a Coke campaign across Europe this summer that worked extremely well. We are ever-more closely aligned with our bottling partners, really driving growth. And just on the macro, I would like to add that there's a clear divergence between North and South. So North continues to do better and South continues to do worse. So our business in the North certainly is reflective of that.

Answer_13:

    Good morning.

Answer_14:

    Yes, I think it's on target, as we have said, reported previously, where we make very sound significant good progress with, in discussions with some of our existing partners, as well as discussions ongoing with some other prospective partners. So we are on target, if not a little bit ahead. And I think you'll hear more about it in the coming period ahead of us, and I'll ask Steve just to maybe shed some more light on it.


    Yes, thanks, Muhtar. Bill, the one thing I would really underscore is we absolutely have not hit a lull. Don't take the absence of public commentary to mean that we are not making very good, very constructive progress. All our bottling partners, both current and prospective, are extremely excited about this business in the United States, about the opportunity to continue to be franchise partners in the United States, to grow the business in the United States, and we're making very exciting progress and we'll have more to report in the coming months.

Answer_15:

    Talking about productivity, Bill?


    I'll ask Gary, do you want --?


    Sure, Bill. Within the quarter, we continue to invest in marketing, so marketing is actually up in the quarter and up year-to-date. We had significant productivity savings in the quarter. We have some previously announced productivity programs that we announced back in 2012. Those 2012 programs will go through 2015, and really focus around productivity and then reinvesting those back into the business. They were focused on information systems, marketing, supply chain, innovation, operational excellence, that sort of thing.
I can tell you, we'll give you a full update on it at the year-end call, so I can give you the full year. But we are making very good progress against the goals and you'll see that on the February call when we go through a full update. And we've got hard savings and soft savings. So let me give you some examples of what's happening and it's adding into the productivity and some of the leverage that you're seeing.
So in things like supply chain, if you buy things cheaper, hard savings. And we're doing a lot around supply chain and actually getting a lot of hard savings. And those you're seeing being reflected. In marketing, if you can buy media cheaper, then we just buy more media basically is what we're doing. So we're reinvesting back into marketing and being able to buy more media for the same price, if you will. So we, as I say, we'll give you a full update on all the productivity programs in February at our year-end call. But we're making excellent progress and you're seeing a lot of that just what's coming through the G&A line with, as I say, within that marketing, SG&A marketing, being up for the quarter and year-to-date.

Answer_16:

    Very, very little. There's a huge cycling of last year in the fourth quarter, as I've mentioned earlier. But there's very little. I mean, there's a little bit but nothing of significance in the quarter this year.


    Thank you.

Answer_17:

    Yes, thanks, Ali. I think that's a fair interpretation of what I said. This was a very different summer. It's been a difficult year starting with the fiscal cliff and sequestration and payroll taxes and so forth. And then the summer was very sluggish and it's very important in our business to keep consumers engaged with our brands, to make sure that we're in the households, to make sure that teens are being recruited. And so Labor Day acted very much like a Fourth of July or Memorial Day, whereas typically it would not. It would be the end of summer.
And Labor Day acted like the only summer, so it was more promotional than you would have seen. It would be more promotional than what we would expect going forward. But those things happen from time to time. And we think that the pricing environment will continue to be very strong, very rational, and because of all the investments we're making in our brands, we feel that we have the opportunity to earn even more price going forward in the marketplace. And that would be absolutely our intention to do that.


    And I just want to add one thing. In terms of the Nielsen data, yes, that's exactly the reflection. But don't underestimate. We took very healthy pricing and I see also in the quarter. And so, overall, that's how you get to the one price mix positive on sparkling. And so, don't let that point go unnoticed at the moment.

Answer_18:

    I would say that first, we believe that our long-term growth model, with appropriate mix which we believe we can take and we can generate, it would definitely get us to our 2020 vision of, from a system revenue point of view, of doubling our business with the base of 2010. So that's the sort of trajectory, if you like, and we're on track in terms of moving ahead to doing, achieving our goal. The second piece is we'll always be looking for any kind of bolt-on acquisitions that may make sense, but that's the extent of what I would say that right now we would be looking at. Bolt-on acquisitions and if there's an opportunity, we will look at it seriously.

Answer_19:

    Sorry, say that again?

Answer_20:

    I don't think materially. You know, if you look at our long-term growth of corridor of volume plus what we've been achieving, I think the balance is still there the same as it used to be.

Answer_21:

    Yes, I'll have Ahmet just comment on China. Then maybe Gary can finish off the second part of the question. Sure.


    Thanks, Wendy. You might remember that in our last call, we talked about the fact that we were evolving both our organization and our strategy in China. And what we see in the third quarter really encourages us that we had not only 9% growth in total, but also 8% growth in sparkling. And that's pretty much delivers on the expectation that we've said that we would expect sequential improvement from the first half results, in the second half of this year, and we expect that sequential improvement from the first half results to continue into 2014.
To your question of pricing promotion, we did not have any significant marked pricing promotions in the marketplace. It was basically a combination of, A, beginning to implement parts of our new strategy in the marketplace, B, the same Share a Coke promotion as we're scaling up these wonderful global assets in all parts of the world. And then our new team beginning to gel together, connecting with our bottling system and really improving execution. So we are encouraged by those results and we expect to continue to, as I said, improve sequentially from the first half results.


    Okay, Gary.


    Yes, Wendy, relative to share repurchase, let me first, let me just start with a preface that don't particularly agree with you on saying our share price is relatively underperformed for the last two years. But absent that, a couple of thoughts on share repurchase. Our view on share repurchase is that share repurchase is value neutral. It is not something that grows value. It does for the short-term holder. Because maybe you can get a bump in the share price. But for the long-term holder, it is not something that is value-enhancing. It is much more like a cash-efficient dividend, which is the way we treat it in that our priorities for cash are number one, to reinvest in the business, to grow the business that would include bolt-on acquisitions, et cetera.
Number two would be dividends which we have increased for the last 51 years, 10% this year. And third, excess cash would be put into share repurchase and just because we don't need that cash in the business. So it's a return of cash to shareholders. But leveraging the balance sheet to do something that we would view as value-neutral, we don't think is the right thing to do so we continue to just perform exactly in line with the targets that we set at the beginning of the year. Thanks.


    Thank you Gary, Ahmet, Steve, Irial, and Jackson. We delivered sound third-quarter results within an ongoing challenged macroeconomic environment. While we saw sequential improvement in the business, we remain constructively discontent and resolutely focused on further advancing our growth trajectory. Our 2020 vision and long-term strategies remain firmly intact. And together with our global bottling partners, we're investing in our brands and our capabilities to further strengthen our system and to drive sustainable growth and value. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our Company, and for joining us this morning.

