Answer_1:

    Thank you, Bill. 


    Thank you, Bill. 

Answer_2:

    Thanks, Bill. Good morning. First let me say again, that I am pleased to report that our growth momentum is improving in line with our expectations. And in the midst of still -- continued volatility headwinds, achieving sequentially stronger 2% volume growth, that means delivering an incremental 100 million unit cases in the past 90 days or so. That means incrementally, every single day, an additional 27 million actual servings per each day. As the base grows, we are still very proud that we can continue to drive growth. 
This is a quarter that is where Easter has shifted, where we were cycling 4% from prior year, whereas I said macro volatility continued, and where we had the harshest winter in northern hemisphere particularly in the US. We don't think this is a great result, but satisfying, as one step in the right direction to restore momentum. Germany, US was flat. In the past quarter, we think, given where -- what we went through and what economies and consumer and climate. Turkey was up 2%, Japan was up 3%. France was up 4%, Brazil was up 4%, India and Russia was up 6%. China was up 12%. These are -- these show, and give us the proof points that our actions are working. 
And I think this is a quarter again where only a small fraction of our incremental marketing went -- was deployed. I would say probably around -- so 5% of our total incremental marketing for the year was deployed in this quarter. As we ramp up the quality and also quantity of our marketing, I believe that certainly we are going to drive better alignment. We have really good plans in place, fully aligned with our bottling partners. And I would be disappointed, as would be all my colleagues and associates, if we don't go back into the corridor of our long-term growth algorithm for volume growth. 
But also importantly, we are driving not just volume growth, but we are driving immediate consumption growth. When you look -- which is really important for our business. When you look at -- say in this past quarter, of top five countries growing as -- China up 18% in IC growth. Indonesia up 9% in IC growth. Vietnam up 8%, Brazil up 5%. 
These are really important numbers, because it is sustainable growth. It is profitable growth, and it is growth in transactions, which is directly married to the health of the brands, and the health of our portfolio. So from that perspective again, I want to just register cautious optimism that I feel we would be disappointed if we do not fall back into the corridor of our long-term growth algorithm for the remainder of the year, in terms of the volume growth picture, and also the other key metrics that follow on from there. 

Answer_3:

    Thanks, Bryan. 

Answer_4:

    Bryan, good morning. Last question first on Brazil, I think Brazil was out the gate first, in terms of the FIFA World Cup activation, a lot of noise around that, a lot of activation in stores. And I think that certainly, we also see a little less malaise in terms of the macroeconomic environment. So and again, in terms of also the relationship between durables and nondurable consumer goods was a little bit more in favor for us. 
So we feel that is going to continue, and that Brazil will have a better year. And I think the government is also aware of what they need to do, as they lead into one of the biggest events in their history, which is hosting a memorable event like the World Cup. 
As far as Mexico is concerned, I think sparkling volume for us was sort of in the mid single-digits decline for the first quarter. The important thing here is that, because of the strength of our brand, because of also the incredible richness of our packaged portfolio, and our occasion brand price pack channel architecture, the strength of that in Mexico, we are seeing that we are gaining market share, versus both local competitors and our international competitor in Mexico as well. And that -- and again, we -- it is too early days related to Mexico. But I would say that we are again, executing with great precision and passion in Mexico with our great bottling partners. 
And then, in terms of price mix, including a favorable geographic mix, other points came as the result of high inflation in local markets. And again, I will ask Gary to comment related to the Venezuela piece. 


    Yes, Bryan, Venezuela definitely contributed positively in the quarter to positive price mix. Now with going forward, that will no longer really be the case, because we have adjusted the -- as of the end of the quarter, we have adjusted the exchange rate and we will be using the [VEF]10.8 exchange rate going forward for most of the revenues, a large part of the revenues in Venezuela. So that will come down. But that impact is included in the latest currency forecast that I gave you. So again, some of the other currencies actually have improved from what we talked about in the February call, that offset now by Venezuela. So still at the same 7% impact. 

Answer_5:

    Oh, yes. (Multiple Speakers). Definitely positive price mix going in there. And I think the other thing to point out, and Muhtar said it, I said it. But I think it is really important as you look at this quarter how we drove value share ahead of volume share. So we are definitely focused on rational pricing across the world, and getting -- earning price. 


    Thanks. 

Answer_6:

    Thanks, John. 

Answer_7:

    Yes. Well, I will try John, and we will see how this goes. But basically, they are -- let's go to marketing first, and let's talk about it in two different ways. One is, how much of the marketing is actually in the market. And that is what Muhtar was referring to, how much is -- of the marketing is actually hitting the consumer, and a lot of our incremental spend actually has not hit the consumer yet. It will -- it is much more weighted, starting in the second quarter going through Q4. A lot of the first quarter really focused on getting the quality of our marketing up, and that sort of thing. 
That is different from the way we account for marketing, and marketing as you referenced is on the sales curve. So on the sales curve, that incremental marketing is included in what we expensed in the first quarter. Now, then we get into the marketing that we are cycling quarter by quarter from last year. And so, it was an increase in marketing. In the first quarter, the increase will significantly grow during the year based on what we are cycling. That is part of why I said, that 4 points of operating leverage will go to even to slightly positive, and we are also benefiting from some other timing in the first quarter in just some of the OpEx expenses as well. 

Answer_8:

    Yes. I would say the mood is positive, in terms of their willingness to invest, their appetite for new territories. I have always -- you have heard me say this before in terms of litmus test for the health of the business. There is a lot of appetite for growing in -- horizontally in territory, and trying to get -- expand. And I think in terms of the quality of our marketing, in terms of the quantity of our marketing, I feel that based on all the bottlers that I have [priced] in this past quarter, I feel good. 
I feel positive about the sentiment, both here in the United States, as we start our path to franchising, and as we look at how we expand and how we hasten the pace of franchising, but also across the world. I have recently have been with many bottling leaders, and talked to many of them. We have a global system meeting next month. Also, about 50 of the top bottlers get together with their CEOs and Chairmen, and we are there to further align our plans for 2015 and beyond. But I feel good related to the plans in place, related to everyone's desire to execute better and to invest more into the future. 
And again, based on the investments that have gone into the marketplace, in the third and fourth quarter of last year. I feel -- that is why I feel confident that you are going to see us back into the corridor of the 3% to 4% long-term growth algorithm for the balance of the year, as we keep restoring momentum. So that is what I would say. 
Do we have some pockets of challenges? You mentioned Coca-Cola Amatil. I feel, again, very cautiously optimistic as Alison Watkins assumes her new role there, and we are working very closely with her and her team. And again, we are very much aligned as to how we move forward with SAB Miller and their management team related to their nonalcoholic beverage business. 

Answer_9:

    Thank you, Judy. 


    Thank you. 

Answer_10:

    Thanks, Judy. I will ask Ahmet to give you a response onto your question. Ahmet? 


    Yes, thanks, Judy. Yes, the results obviously for Europe for the first quarter was less than what we would have desired, with the minus 4%. A lot of things came into play with that. You mentioned that Easter obviously, that was definitely a factor. And Muhtar has mentioned the transition into a new future consumption pack in GB. 
I would add to that, that there was sort of a pricing activity in the marketplace on future consumption packs that had also had some impact. And we are in very close discussion and alignment with our bottlers to make sure that we actually sort of respond in a way that we maintain rational pricing in the marketplace, but also balance volume growth and value growth at the same time. So that was one. 
You mentioned southern Europe. The slight improvement that everybody sees in Iberia and Spain, that we see as well. Our numbers had a bit of noise in it, with regards to the strike in our Iberian bottling partners that you all have heard about before. We have had great mitigation plans in place and executed them. And the negotiations --  or sorry, the restructuring is expected to end in May, and we continue to see improvements in our Iberian business as well. So we expect, as we move into Quarter 2, remove the effect of Easter, fully implement our OBPPC in GB and continue to finish our restructuring in Spain, we expect to see improvements in Europe over the next quarter and the rest of the year. 

Answer_11:

    Yes, Judy, this is Muhtar. Let me frame again, just a couple important takeaways. For Britain, rational pricing was really the theme for us in Q1. And the very -- the strength of our marketing program, the strength of our commercial program leads us to believe that we will see improvement as we go into Q2 and Q3 and Q4 in Britain. That is the takeaway, I would say. 
Again, the same phrase and motto for our US business, rational pricing. That is the takeaway. And we had 2% to 3% price mix in our sparkling portfolio in the US, and you will see that continuing. And I will ask Sandy to and Irial to reflect on further details on that for the year. 


    Thanks, Muhtar. Pricing, we expect pricing for the full year in sparkling to actually improve from the first quarter. Our plans are in place with our customers. The market is rational. Our focus on immediate consumption growth will drive mix, and our rate should continue to be healthy, and even improve as we move through the second quarter and into the third quarter where we are lapping some promotional activity. So that is point one, 
Point two is, on stills, the case pack water business continues to grow, so it pulls down mix. We see opportunities, however, on a targeted basis in our bottle can stills to improve pricing, and we will take action to do that. Paul, Irial and I see opportunities on a category by category basis. 
And then finally, in our chilled juice business, we have just fielded a significant price increase to respond to the commodity issues with our orange juice in Florida, and that is taking root. And our juice business continues to be advantaged from a share perspective. 
And I think all of that wraps up, from a pricing standpoint to a much more favorable profit outlook for the full-year. I mean, we saw some timing related issues, and obviously we have talked about having 1 less selling day in the first quarter. But all of that is going to come to do with our price and volume plan for the year to produce profit growth for the full year. Irial? 


    Yes. The only add I would give is, we are about building a long-term sustainable profitable business in the US. And to do that, we must have a balance of pricing and volume growth. And pricing is a really critical part of that, and we will in this year end up with sparkling in the 2% to 3% range in pricing, or price mix, I should say. 
And that is really it, and that is what we are focused on. That is what Sandy, and the team, Paul and the team, all of us together are focused on delivering that -- delivering a healthy business that is going back to growth as well. 

Answer_12:

    Yes. Michael, this is Muhtar I will say, just a couple of top line, and then ask again, Ahmet to contribute. But I will repeat what I said about IC, particularly pleasing was China, IC  was up 18%. Indonesia, IC was up 9%, Vietnam up 8%. These are really important for us when --  as we drive profitable growth in our business. And again, our newly architected packaging portfolio in China is really working with the smaller packs and the new price points. 
And I think also, the new team certainly is really delivering what we expect of them, as well as our bottlers with renewed focus. Both the Bottling Investments Group but also Swire as well as COFCO are really doing a good job in the first quarter. And I think a lot of really good investments and activity and commercial leadership is in place to continue to drive that momentum, both in the stills as well as in the sparkling portfolio in China. And so, again Ahmet, if you want to just -- (Multiple Speakers). 


    Yes. Thanks, Muhtar. Yes, I think, Michael, you have listed a lot of reasons. But my headline would be, it is all of the above. But let me color it a little bit. 
Certainly, the new team and the new strategy that we covered with you last year is really coming together nicely, and we are happy with the quality of the growth. Sparkling is growing. Juices are growing and those are the categories that we have told you that we were betting on for our growth in China. 
You might see us -- growth in waters. That is an important category. But we just had some recent launches into a [RMB2] water, which improves the profitability of that. Very, very early days, and it is doing well. Also, we are quite encouraged with, again very early results on some of our innovations with Schweppes and plus. And just a couple weeks out, the plans is our isotonic. So we are getting that good mix of sparkling juices and innovation that is beginning to work for us. 
I would just caution us though, you did mention the easier cycle rates from last year. That is definitely the case, and 12% growth we are very happy with. But we would expect to see growth in China, continued growth in China, probably in the range of mid to high single-digits that we could expect over time. So that is basically -- I think covers everything. 


    And just one other point I would highlight, Michael, is Japan, very pleasing that it grew 3%, 3% in sparkling and stills grew 4% in Japan in the quarter. And again, despite the longest monsoon that I have ever experienced in terms of seasons and how long it took, India grew 6% and should do much better going forward. So and again, I am certainly very proud that this is the 31st consecutive quarter of growth in India for us, including continued share gains. 

Answer_13:

    Yes, and again, Michael, that is very important market for us, and we have been focused on aligning with our bottling partner, Amatil, there on a new plan. Or let's say, an evolved plan as was the case in China with the revised OBPCC investments in sparkling and still beverages. There has been a recent change in management in -- on the ground. And all of that again, we are cautiously optimistic about the progress we are making in Indonesia, are beginning to deliver good results. And certainly, that market has a -- has so much more opportunity to grow in the coming years. 

Answer_14:

    Thank you. 

Answer_15:

    Now -- no changes as far as my perspective is concerned. And I can confirm that both our entire team, as well as our bottling partners feel the same way as a system. We are blessed to be in a great business, both in the sparkling area, as well as in the stills. We continue to innovate. I believe that we have a great future, where so many hundreds of millions of people in so many large markets haven't tasted a Coca-Cola in the last month, or in the last six months, or in the last year. 
We have tremendous opportunity going forward. And I believe that innovation, packaging, equipment and great marketing will continue to grow our business going forward, both in sparkling and in stills. And I feel confident that we will go back into the corridors of our long-term growth algorithm this year and years to follow. 
And with new innovations, like creating new paths to consumption, creating new consumption occasions like the Keurig Green Mountain innovation, like Freestyle that is driving, we know everywhere, every time, it is actually installed in an outlet, it drives traffic, it drives incidence, it drives increased sales, and it drives excitement for the consumer. 
And at the same time, our contour packages, you will see us being focused much more on the contour. Next year is the 100th anniversary of the contour bottle, the iconic contour bottle. You will see a lot of activity around that also. So we feel we have a lot of work to do. But we feel that, isn't that a great place, where you have a lot of work to do, and you believe in your future. 

Answer_16:

    I think they will -- I am certain innovation is going to be impactful, and I can't give you any more details on timing. 


    Yes. Sure. So just thank you again, Gary, Kathy, Ahmet, Sandy, Irial, Jackson, we are just once again, firmly committed to advancing our growth trajectory in 2014. Our strategic priorities are yielding tangible and measurable results, and they are consistent with our long-term goals, and our overarching business strategy. Increased marketing investments and a focus, a relentless focus on execution underscore the confidence we have in our systems alignment, as we seek to execute these strategies, while we further strengthen the foundation for profitable and sustainable long-term growth. 
Our 2020 vision calls for a well-balanced growth, that is growth in sparkling beverages, and also growth in still beverages across more than 200 markets, countries, and in revenues and margins. And thanks to this balanced growth in both portfolio, as well as geographic mix, we see a path that leads to global volume, revenue and profit growth in line with our long-term targets. Our focus is unwavering, and our execution of our five strategic priorities is going to enable us to restore momentum for growth to our business. Thank you for your time this morning, and for your continued interest and trust in our Company. 

