Question_1:

          Muhtar, if I look at your second-quarter performance buying growth of 3%, sequential improvement versus Q1, global price mix held steady at 2%. I guess second quarter also though benefited in part because of easy comp, and you had the Easter benefit. So can you talk about your ability to sustain the top line momentum as you look at the back half of the year and be mindful of some of the macroeconomic conditions that you see in the marketplace?  

Question_2:

          Okay, that is helpful. If I can just quickly follow up on North American pricing, particularly in the sparkling side, where you've got the 3% in the quarter. Maybe a little bit more details around the drivers of that, whether it was -- how much was mixed versus rate -- and your views on whether you can sustain that pricing and maybe even see acceleration if you look up the next -- 

Question_3:

          Thank you, good morning. Just wanted to get a clarification if I could, when you talk about the $0.02 impact, you mentioned it was comparable EPS, but it sounds like that is reported EPS, as well. Is that correct? 

Question_4:

          Okay great, thank you. 
Kathy, if I could just follow-up, we are continuing to see weaker volumes in some of the higher-margin regions, like Latin America or Europe, what have you. So can you talk a little bit in terms of how you're going to look at--how should we think about margins going forward if these types of -- this type of relative weakness in some of these higher margin market continues, particularly Latin America which is your highest market region, and it's been a little bit softer over the last couple of quarters. 

Question_5:

          Good morning. 
Kathy, I wanted to follow up on John's question relative to leverage and I have two parts to it. One, I think I caught in the prepared comments that you mentioned that on a comparable currency neutral basis, you would expect some leverage in the second half. So I am just trying to make sure I heard that correctly in that we should be thinking about ex the Venezuela impact and ex the structural change in currencies, there would be currency neutral operating profit growth. 
And then second question, if I have done the calculations correctly, it looks like on a comparable basis currency neutral gross margins in the quarter were up. So if you could just talk a little bit A, is that true? And B, if you could talk a little bit about how you would expect gross margin to evolve going forward, what type of inflation you are seeing and just how what factors you might see driving gross margins in the second half. 

Question_6:

          So there was nothing unusual about the gross margins in the first half? We could potentially see more progress on gross margins and we're just spending more money back which is what is getting the leverage to slightly flat. Is that a good way to think about it? 

Question_7:

          Good morning. 
Can I ask a couple of questions, couple of specific questions on Latin America? First on Brazil, given all of the investments you made in the market and the World Cup, I was just wondering why volume performance was not stronger in the quarter. 
You mentioned in the release a tough macro environment and some competitive activity, but I was hoping you could give us a bit more detail. And second, with regards to Mexico, I know you've taken all of the pricing related to the tax increase early in the year, but have you also passed on pricing now for general inflation in the country? 
Thanks. 

Question_8:

          Thanks, good morning gentlemen, hello Kathy. Muhtar, as you think about the sparkling global outlook and your efforts to build on where you are here in the second quarter, is it fair to think your emphasis will continue to be on volume share gains more so than dollar share gains, or do you think there is potential for more dollar share growth in spite of the volumes being a little below what you were hoping for?  

Question_9:

          Obviously, a lot of markets to talk about, and this call is not useful for going into many of them, but when you look at North America specifically and you see the 3% price mix on the carbonated and a bit of growth there on the stills, but you also have the flat volumes. And then data we look at is CPI for the larger carbonated space, which continues to be down, so retailers continue to promote the carbonated component of your business. How are you thinking about the opportunity for better value share performance in North America, given the volume share situation you are facing? 

Question_10:

          Hello. If you would've predicted back in December that price mix in North America was going to be up as much and your volumes would've remained flat. And Latin America, you indicated volumes would've been flat even with all the Mexico tax issues, I think I would've said you are being optimistic, but that is what you are delivering, which is good. 
But it does raise two questions for me. One is, it is concentrated your volume growth in only two of your six reporting segments. I want to get a better sense of how comfortable you are with those two currently and your expansion of volume growth in the other segments, like what gives you confidence that the others can grow, as well? And then secondly, a question about the mix between volume and price mix, which if you look over the past 10 years, it is mainly driven by volume, obviously pricing now much more balanced. 
Some try to understand how much of that is actually a change in strategic intensity that you described versus just FX driving you to raise more pricing? If you can help those two, that would be great in the broader volume context. 

Question_11:

          Okay, thanks. 
And one other things you've been asked a bunch on this conference call is about margin and margin mix. And one of the things obviously that can offset margin pressures is incremental cost cutting. And you talk a little bit more about how you view incremental cost cutting versus what you've announced so far, what you think the potential is, and when you think we might hear more about more cost-cutting at the Company? 

Question_12:

          Thanks. 
Maybe building on that and focusing back on North America, as you talked about, you had good price mix realization in sparkling, 3%, and you did see margin grow in the quarter which is great. But overall, we only saw 1% price mix, and year-to-date margins remained slightly below last year's level in the US based on my math. 
So as I think about the path towards refranchisement and smoothing that path, it seems a greater profitability is a great enabler of that. What needs to be done? Is there a way to get even more aggressive on price mix realization or to Ali's point pushing on productivity more to get the North American profit pool to expand to facilitate entry of new partners? 
Thanks. 

Question_13:

          Good morning. Can you just comment about some of the market share losses in Mexico, Brazil, and then a much smaller market in the UK? 
So what do you think is driving that? And then when you think some of those trends will reverse. 
Because some of these losses are substantial. I think it was a little over a point of value share and scan channels loss in Brazil, about a point in Mexico and then similar trends in the UK. 

Question_14:

          Got you. So you think your losses are really a function of maybe the more aggressive pricing you took and maybe as that stabilizes this year --. 

Question_15:

          Good morning, everyone. 
Quick question I had is, if you think about the quarter and how trends move through the quarter, I am just curious if you actually saw correlation with the higher level of spending as the quarter progressed and your volume growth. Just again trying to understand if the spending is actually working. And when you think about the ROI in that spend, what discrete things and specific things is Coke doing to make sure there is a glide path to getting a better return out of that spend. Thanks. 

Question_16:

          Thanks for the question. 
First Muhtar, you talked about increasing or broadening your product portfolio. So, maybe without tipping your hand too much, what would be the top of your wish list by product and geography, and do you still feel comfortable with your energy drink strategy? 
And then separately, Kathy, now that you bring a fresh look here, do you plan on doing anything differently from a capital structure perspective? And I say that within the context that there is an argument to be made that Coke is under leveraging and could potentially add leverage, or by adding leverage could add value to shareholders. And we have seen a number of companies in the CPG space that have been rewarded by the market for such action, so any thoughts there would be appreciated. 

