Answer_1:

          Yes. Bryan, good morning, again, this is Muhtar. I think the most important is that our EPS target remains high single-digits and our target for profit before tax is still 6% to 8%. Beginning in 2015, revenue growth will be added as a metric in the Company's incentive plans as well. So we're obviously looking at a metric, really, where the target remains 6% to 8% and moving the target to PBT really brings net interest and equity income into consideration. If you look back at the last three years, there really has not been a leverage between OI and PBT, meaningfully so. It would not have really made a difference. 
Having said that, it does go back to what we said about broadening our long-term net revenue target to mid-single digits. We think that there's opportunity to grow equity income as we advance our existing partnerships, as well as explore similar models in the future. Using PBT instead of OI should make operations, in a way, agnostic in terms of evaluating alternatives to extract value in a certain given category; for example, what you mentioned also, which is partnership model versus concentrate model. So I think it's a better broadened way of ensuring that we can deliver long-term sustainable value to our shareowners. And I'll pass it on to Kathy if she wants to add anything. 


          I'd just also say, Bryan, remember we anticipate and we've been saying that with the increases in interest rates, we will have interest expense versus interest income that we've been generating. So we don't anticipate interest providing leverage below the line going forward. So the bottom line is we can't make the 6% to 8% PBT without a significant amount coming from operating income. 

Answer_2:

          No. Not at all. 


          No suggestion in any respect. 

Answer_3:

          Hi, Ian. This is Muhtar. Good morning. Firstly, let me just give you some context around the base. If you take, firstly, that's why we put out two numbers out there, $2 billion by 2017 and $3 billion by 2019, in order to ensure that everyone sees that this is not back end-loaded, it's just a number that really will be generated and the run rate will be flowing through into our system and then we will invest some and use some for margin enhancement. We did say that it will take some time to achieve. 
2015 is a critical year where we really -- it's the most important year for us to make the changes that I mentioned to you in terms of a leaner, better operating model and therefore, I think that year should be seen as a year in transition. The base, really, when you look at our Company, you see about $5.5 billion in total in marketing, about $4 billion in OpEx, and really, of the $3 billion, about $1.5 billion will come out of that base of around $9.5 billion to $10 billion and then the other $1.5 billion of the $3 billion will come out of the about $25 billion COGS base. 
It's important to understand for everyone that we will not be taking down the second number, $1.5 billion, when we refranchise with our aggressive refranchising program, particularly for the United States, between now and 2017. So that number will stay that way and then the bottlers will get additional opportunities for COGS synergies as the territories get refranchised on top of the $3 billion. So I hope that gives you some flavor and explanation into and answers some of your questions. Kathy, go ahead. 


          Ian, if I could just add, on the initial $1 billion program, $400 million was in 2014 and we are on track. So it continues into 2015 with the rest of the productivity giving us the flexibility to achieve our targets over the long-term. 

Answer_4:

          Yes, I think given the macroeconomic volatility out there and given the fact that marketing investments are taking some time to flowback in terms of benefit, I'd just say that's the best we see right now and we will come back with a more robust and more detailed discussion on 2015 in our December call. 

Answer_5:

          Yes, Ali. I think what we're talking about is a balanced approach that will bring us back to our long-term growth trajectory in terms of our financial performance. That is a combination of both growth, more realistic and better sustainable growth on the top line, as well as margin enhancements. So as we said before, this additional program of productivity will yield, will generate two things: we believe clearly better growth, as well as better margin enhancements. 
The important thing here is that we will have a much better geographic segmented analysis of countries where, if you take the developed countries, we will be driving profitable growth through innovation and productivity; for example, with countries like Spain, Korea, Great Britain, Japan, US, France, and so forth. And then in terms of the developing countries, they will have a slightly different role maximizing value through segmentation and ensuring that we continue to build consumer loyalty markets like Latin America, Turkey, Poland, Nigeria. And in emerging markets like China, India, Indonesia, Thailand, and so forth, we'll be maximizing more skewed on the volume side and investing for accelerated growth. 
That is why we believe we need to continue to invest and the world is a very big place. It's not just the countries that we live in and we know. It's a very wide place out there and there is significant opportunities to continue to generate growth, while at the same time -- and we believe that there is a very good line of sight of how we invest and how we get return from that investment, very disciplined and very important transparent line of sight. 
That's the way we look at the segmentation approach and therefore, revenue, which is the target of what we've indicated to you will be a composition of volume and price and so we're not throwing volume out of the door. It's a very balanced approach towards how we will generate revenue, how that revenue will flow into bottom line, both through the additional revenue growth achieved, as well as through enhancements in terms of the margin. 

Answer_6:

          Yes. I think we're not ready to share that detail with you right now. However, I think as we go along, we'll give you more insights. But certainly, it will not all be invested and it will not all flow into the bottom line, but I think we see a clear balance there as we go forward. And I think there's a different role -- obviously, there's a different role of how you should think about the $1.5 billion that is coming out of the base of total marketing and OpEx and also the $1.5 billion that is coming out of the COGS and I think both of them have slightly different roles in how they will be played out. 

Answer_7:

          I think you should think of the entire Company as evolving and changing. But as I said, Dara, I think the important thing is roles and responsibilities on a geographic basis with complete clarity of roles. So if you take the markets like -- the more developed markets of Korea and Spain and Great Britain and so forth, Japan and United States, Canada, more focused on the balance of revenue. What will drive the revenue? Slightly skewed in favor of price versus volume. 
What will happen in the developing markets, more like Latin America and some Eastern European markets, and so forth, Turkey, much more straight line, right in the middle balance of how that revenue number is going to be generated, that revenue growth target is going to be generated. Then you take the lower per capita, more emerging markets that I mentioned, of the Indonesias and Indias and Chinas of this world and Southeast Asia as skewed more towards volume. But that doesn't mean that there's not a pricing metric and that doesn't mean there's no incentives based on revenue. It's just how they're skewed. 

Answer_8:

          I'll ask Sandy to comment on that North America number. Sandy and Irial are here and I'll ask Sandy to first comment on that. 


          Yes, Dara, our view of the pricing strategy in the US is being very consistent with what we said at the beginning of the year. Very focused on making sure that we get our price, that we balance that with a package strategy that's focused on our premium packs and our smaller packs, which consumers want, and continue to grow double digits. We're pleased, as you can see in the Nielsen data and the marketplace, the consumer's responding with accelerating sales growth. Actual volume was slightly better than we expected and clearly the volume on the premium packs that are the focus of our brand building agenda and supported by our advertising are driving the train. We're just at the beginning, though. 
I think North America's ability to play a primary revenue growth role in the Company with this disciplined balanced strategy is in the early stages and we see a rational environment and we see a good competitive environment in which the category sales performance is accelerating and we're optimistic about the future. 


          Irial, do you want to add to that? 


          Yes, I'd just remind all of us, in the first quarter, we said we were going to have a very disciplined approach to pricing in North America and the last three quarters we've demonstrated that and the intention is to keep doing it. We feel good about it. We feel we're going the right direction and feel very confident as we actually head into the future on pricing in North America. 


          Yes. Maybe I'll ask Ahmet to comment also on the same subject as it pertains to Europe and as it pertains to Latin America and some other markets. Ahmet? 


          Thanks, Muhtar. As we talk about the revenue focus, we are also focusing on balanced revenue growth in Coke International. Maybe a couple of examples I could share is in Mexico for example, where you see 2% growth in volumes for the quarter and more or less flat volumes, we're actually seeing fairly healthy price mix of about low to mid-single digits and our revenue growth reflects that as well. Likewise in Brazil, we're also seeing mid-single digit revenue growth, even though our volumes are up only 1%. We are quite cognizant of balancing our revenue growth with appropriate pricing realization and volume at the same time. 


          Do you want to say anything about Europe? 


          And in Europe, obviously we are not pleased with our volume performance of negative 5%, but the challenging macros are bringing with it a fairly aggressive pricing environment in the marketplace. We are always trying to balance our pricing with volume. In this quarter, I would say that we were a lot more in favor of pricing where we have realized 3 points of price mix in Europe, which resulted in a revenue decline of 2%, while our volumes were 5%. 
Having said that, this is a journey and an ongoing balancing act. We would be focusing on balancing that a little bit better so that our share performance continues to be strong, which it has been for the last four years, and we are on that journey in Europe. 

Answer_9:

          I think, Bill, firstly, it's fair to say that we are in a challenged disposable income growth environment. That's no question. The consumer is challenged everywhere around the world. It's not just related to the Western developed markets of Europe and Japan and United States and Canada, but it's also related to emerging markets. There's a lot of volatility in the world when you look at in the currencies, when you look at interest rates, when you look at the growth rates, and when you actually factor in all the different geopolitical issues around the world. There just is a lot of apprehension. 
Less people traveling because of disease, because of scares, because of other things, mobility is down and traffic is down and that all impacts, particularly, our immediate consumption business. So we've got to find newer, better ways to ensure that our products, our brands, our 3,000 products, 550 brands can meet up with consumers on different occasions, on better occasions, on newer occasions, and on more innovative ways to get our products in front of our consumers. Certainly, we recognize that, that is a challenging environment. We operate in that environment, but we have still one of the most dynamic consumer goods businesses in the world. 
We believe that it can still, over time, grow at the rate that we have just outlined to you in terms of revenue growth. Is that going to happen overnight? No. Can we get there? Absolutely, yes. Then we have other elements to deal with in terms of trends. So we recognize that we have to do more work on diets and lights, for example. We continue to innovate. We continue to launch new products which have different sweeteners and different sweetener bases. That will continue in an expanded mode: more innovation, more packaging, and newer ways for consumers to connect. 
Next year is the 100th year of the contour and we certainly will be expanding our IC focus -- our  immediate consumption focus in the market, which is a really important way to build habit and build trends and build [team incidents] and then improve our marketing and improve our commercial strategies with our bottlers, which we keep working at. So that's where we are. It is a very challenging environment anywhere you go around the world. It's not different. 
Everyone is apprehensive, whether it's governments, whether it's NGOs, whether it's businesses, local businesses and International businesses. I don't see that improving overnight, but I think it's the new normal. In that new normal, we need to generate better growth. 

Answer_10:

          No. No specific read through. I would just say that given where we are right now, this is the guidance we thought we should provide at this time. 

Answer_11:

          We did give a different outlook on currency, which does impact cash. 

Answer_12:

          It's Irial. On the supply chain in North America, basically this is a continuation of what started a few years ago and it's made up of many different aspects, which we'll share in due course, as Kathy has already said and Muhtar. But the key is that we're looking at becoming more effective and more efficient. We have a very substantial supply chain footprint and we believe and have the plans to make sure we become truly efficient and that means by streamlining in many different ways. 
Simple illustrations are things like the bottle life weighting, which is pretty well carried out across the world today, whether it's mechanizing at different parts of our supply-chain, whether it's our footprint, our supply chain and so forth. So many different aspects, but very clear plans behind it and a high degree of confidence that we will achieve the synergies that we've set out. 


          On that, once again, I wanted to reiterate the point that I made earlier, this is Muhtar, that of the $2 billion by 2017 and the $3 billion by 2019, the incremental synergy program, that is not going down as we substantially refranchise our business in North America. 

Answer_13:

          Judy, this is Muhtar. Good morning. Yes, we are streamlining and simplifying our operating model for better speed, better decision-making and enhanced, also, local market focus that will help us to drive better growth. This work is moving forward aggressively. It's global. It involves a center and involves the entire Company and we expect to refocus the role for our corporate center and further scale our back-office to support our processes and also policies on a global basis to get more synergies there and better service to our business units that operate around the world that basically make up the Coca-Cola Company. 
This will enable those operations to fully focus intently on demand creation in their market. So this is really important. It's a delayered organization. It is a simplified organization. It's less touch points, it's faster decision-making and that will take place, starting with the beginning of the year and you'll hear more about that in the coming weeks. So that's important. 
I think it's important, if I just take back a minute and just to say again, this is certainly a difficult operating environment and that is clear. No question about that. But today, we're announcing, I believe, definitive actions as a team to address that environment and improve our execution. The $3 billion in synergy enhancements are an added layer and an added layer of segmented analysis on top of the $3 billion in metrics on a market-by-market basis is clear evidence, I think, of us taking action to control, in a way, what we can control. I'm so pleased that we have a team that has basically worked together for a long time and we know what it takes to win. Today, we are taking essentially additional steps to get us back on track over the longer term and we will do whatever we have to do to get there to get us to that bridge. 
We know it can be done and we know we will do it. I think the synergy program will help, the new operating model will help, the enhanced execution will help, the better marketing will help, and the improved commercial strategy will help along those lines. Is the operating environment tough? It is tough. But we are fortunate to be in a business that is one of the most dynamic businesses in the world; the nonalcoholic, ready to drink business. And so that's what I would leave you with. 

Answer_14:

          Thanks, Judy. We don't like to talk about weather too much in this, but I would say there was probably not so favorable weather. You mentioned the macros. Let me start with China. You could see from the numbers in China that total food and beverage industry, NARTD industry is actually under pressure and the growth rates are coming down. But I'm very pleased with our performance in China because now we see a lot of traction on sparkling beverages, which actually grew in the quarter. Trademark Coke was up 4% in China, which shows that the strategy that we have shared with you all, beginning of the middle of last year, of segmented focus of our beverages in China is actually working. 
We're very pleased with our new launches of the isotonics. That's doing very well. Very pleased with our innovations in sparkling with things like Schweppes C'Plus. So for China, I'm very pleased with the results and we're gaining share and our initiatives are working for us. 
When it comes to Europe, I have shared with you all a little earlier, it is more a matter of balancing our price realization and volume a little bit more in the favor of volume and share, still realizing good price mix. I would say other than that, Europe performance was mostly to do with the macros and you've mentioned weather. I will not. 

Answer_15:

          John, this is Muhtar. When you look at the current revenue figure that we've put out there, if you take the midpoint of that, it's only 50 basis points different than what was out there before earlier. So I don't see that as a major difference in terms of the category, in terms of the cyclical long-term macroeconomic. I think we see tremendous opportunity in this segment, in this very dynamic consumer goods industry. So I see that's not any major shift. We've been pleased with productivity in terms of what we've done to date. Macros have not improved and so we have to do what we need to do in order to ensure that we can cross the bridge and get to better both top line growth, as well as bottom line delivery of performance and that's what you see us doing right now. 
In the past, you would have cycles in macro, you would have a year or two years of down and then coming back up and now it's constant volatility and actually increased volatility every day around the world and increased apprehension by the consumer. So we have to do more. We have to ensure that we create the flexibility to deliver our results and that's what you see us doing. 

Answer_16:

          Kathy, you want to add anything in terms of investment, in terms of the efficiency, what John talked about? 


          Sure, Muhtar. First of all, going back to the first question around the net revenue, the two things that are primarily driving the change would be the value growth that we see coming from emerging markets, as well as the more volatile nature of the emerging markets and then recognition that our partnership models will drive value for the business that will impact equity income. So I just wanted to add that particular point. Then on the productivity -- sorry, I don't remember the productivity question. What was the question? 

Answer_17:

          Yes. There actually is, John. What we have done in the past is we've said that productivity, the original $1 billion is made up of both OpEx as well as reallocation of marketing to ensure that marketing is more effective and more efficient in terms of its delivery of results. So that is an ongoing program that we have in terms of how we will continue to reallocate marketing to drive better value and better return. That is there. That is ongoing. 
However, of course, the scale of what we're doing in terms of OpEx flexibility is going to be much, much bigger here, but the vast majority of the additional savings program is hard savings in productivity. The vast majority is hard savings as opposed to reallocation. We will ensure that the amount of money that's invested has a return. That's a different answer, but we will make -- it is actually, I'd say, the vast majority, in fact, is hard savings. 

Answer_18:

          When all is said and done I'd say probably, Mark, it will be about mid-single digits in 2014. I think we'll give you, again, in December, we'll come back and give you more flavor about how we're thinking of that in 2015 and beyond. 

Answer_19:

          I wouldn't assume that. 

Answer_20:

          Look, I said the vast majority is hard savings in productivity programs and that is composed, as I mentioned earlier in answering another question, that is composed of a base of about $9.5 billion, $10 billion comprised of marketing and OpEx and then another base, which is driving about a $1.5 billion by 2019. The other half, $1.5 billion by 2019, is driven by COGS savings. But these are hard savings, not in terms of just soft or reallocations. 

Answer_21:

          This is Muhtar. First I think, based on the collective judgment of myself and my team, as I said to you, this is an acknowledgment of a continuing difficult operating environment and controlling and taking action to control what we can control. That will mean two things: create flexibility through the synergies and also ensure that we can enhance our margins and build a credible and sustainable revenue growth on the top line. That is the key here, which at this industry, lends us to believe and clearly, the history has shown that this industry is the most dynamic and it continues to be. 
Therefore, we believe that when we segment our markets in the way we have segmented them, continue to ensure that we have the right metrics in place and the right incentives in place, that we will perform better. We're almost finished with this year and we're going to be embarking upon implementing this now so that we can start the year running. We will give you a very clear dashboard in December where you can -- with three or four things to follow you can judge our progress -- judge our progress as to how we're implementing and generating the results out of this program. That, to me, I think, is going to be key, following our progress and we will follow it and you will be able to follow it. 
We'll give you that dashboard so that you can ensure that every quarter we can have a discussion on the key four or five elements of success on how we implement the new operating model, how we implement better marketing, how we implement better commercial strategies, and how that's impacting the top line and what impact that's having on margins. 
As far as the North America franchising, I'll ask Sandy to comment on that. But, again, it's a clear timeline. First, by 2017 and then what we will have left is about one-third and then what we do with the rest is latest by 2020, again, finding the right home. Sandy? 


          Sure, Steve, on North America refranchising, I go back to the objectives of the effort, which is to restructure a system that was in place for over 100 years to get it in better position for growth with better focused customer management, more efficient product supply, and back services and to refranchised to the best Coca-Cola bottlers in the United States under a new franchise agreement that is fit for purpose of growth. We are very optimistic about our ability to deliver that kind of growth profile and to do that in a way that makes our business more economic and makes our system more economic going forward. 
So as we point to the December discussion that Kathy's going to lead, we'll have a number of the details that will help you model this going forward. But our strategic mission has not changed and our optimism for success in doing this with our bottlers is as high as ever. 


          Thank you, Kathy, Ahmet, Sandy, Irial, and Tim. Despite gaining global value share, our year-to-date performance is not where it needs to be. The scope and pace of our actions have to increase and we're moving very quickly to streamline our operations and further align our incentives to drive revenue growth while simultaneously driving costs out of our business through an aggressive plan. 
While the short-term macroeconomic environment remains challenging, we are confident in our ability to return to sustainable growth as the long-term dynamics of our industry remain promising. Our brands and our global system are unparalleled and we are all fully dedicated to strengthening our position as the world's leading beverage company. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our Company, and for joining us this morning. 

