Question_1:

          There's a lot of questions that could be asked, but I guess one that I wanted to focus in on is the change in target from focusing on operating profit growth to pretax income. It sort of suggests that there's a contribution that will come from growth in equity income. Can you just give us some sort of gauge in terms of how much of the growth you actually expect to come from equity income? How much comes from operating profit? Just trying to get an idea of the proportions and whether or not there's actually a suggestion that operating profit would glow grow slower than that in that goal? 

Question_2:

          Okay. So no suggestion that there was a material change in operating income growth, it's just trying to collect the other pieces below that? 

Question_3:

          Previously, you'd indicated on the $1 billion product due to savings that will be all reinvested in media. Perhaps you can give us some idea of how much of the $3 billion will be reinvested and also what the phasing of that will be through to 2019? It strikes me with the US production changes that's going to be quite back end-loaded in that timeframe. 

Question_4:

          If I could come back on the 2015 guide, which obviously looks quite bearish versus where the Street is, you seem to be highlighting there's going to be quite a lot of extra costs there without savings. Is it also a comment that you're quite cautious around revenue growth, i.e., you seem to be implying it will be in more in line with 2014, which is more like a 2%, not a 3%-plus. Is that right? 

Question_5:

          I think we're generally pleased that there's more urgency around price mix and North American [franchisement] and the cost-cutting. But I do want to understand a little bit better how much of the cost cutting you think you're going to need to reinvest and really, why you think you have to reinvest? And I say that because you're going to reinvest something and I want to hear what, but you're only going to get back to your previous growth rates, but this whole time, a lot of the discussion is about blaming mostly short-term macro issues. 
So is there something that's underlyingly falling worse, e.g., perhaps consumer trends toward health and wellness or something? And in fact, is it a good ROI to reinvest in the business in marketing versus taking some to the bottom line and to shareholders who have been rather disappointed recently? So any help there would be great. 

Question_6:

          So that's very helpful. In terms of the clear line of sight, can you give us a sense of, this $3 billion, is it half reinvested, half of the bottom line? Is it 60/40? Can you give us a better sense of the split of reinvestment versus bringing it back to the bottom line? 

Question_7:

          Muhtar, I wanted to delve a bit more into the changes in price mix versus volume focus and the incentive plans. I'm assuming the enhanced pricing focus is more of a developed market phenomenon, but maybe you can review for us how much of the change in focus going forward is in developed markets versus emerging markets versus how you managed previously? Then in North America, has this enhanced pricing focus all ready played out to some extent, given you've already had compensation changes there or should we expect North America to be part of that change in focus going forward also? 

Question_8:

          Okay. That's helpful. While we're on the subject of pricing, can you characterize the pricing environment right now in North America? Obviously, the 3% sparkling number in the quarter was more favorable than you've seen recently, so I wanted to get an update there on how sustainable that performance could be going forward. 

Question_9:

          Can you just comment on how much you know, relative to the environment, what's secular and what's cyclical and then how your strategy changes if it's more secular than cyclical in terms of some of the consumption trends? Obviously, Muhtar, you have considerable experience here. Has there been a period where you've seen things as difficult as they are now and what it took to pull yourselves out of it? 

Question_10:

          Great. Thanks. Kathy, just one quick one: the share repurchase went from a range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion, now it's at the lower end of the range. Is there any read through on that, in why you guys took it down? I know it's not hugely substantial. 

Question_11:

          Okay, but is cash flow coming in softer? I'm just trying to figure out why it would come down if there's no change in the cash flow algorithm. 

Question_12:

          I was hoping you could provide us with some more detail regarding the restructuring of your North American manufacturing footprint as one of the areas of the productivity program you talked about earlier? What's the scope of that program? What are the milestones that we should be looking for? How does that tie in with your commitment to refranchise the bulk of your territories by 2017? 

Question_13:

          First question is just relating to, really, the new operating model that you're planning to implement. I'm just hoping to get a little bit more clarity around exactly what you're doing to change the operating model, both more at the business unit level and maybe even at the country level? Is this something that gets rolled out globally or does this have a phasing of how it gets rolled out? I know that you really have been emphasizing patience and just taking time to implement these changes, but just wanted to get a little bit better sense of what takes longer? What can be implemented more quickly and where can we see the benefit to some of the changes more quickly? 

Question_14:

          Okay. If I could follow-up, Ahmet, the two markets, where, obviously the volume was very challenged were Europe and China, which presumably had both the weather impact, as well as the macro impact. So if you can give us a little bit of color just in terms of how much you think the weather did play a role? It sounded like in the fourth quarter, you really are not anticipating much improvement, globally, from a volume perspective. Is the weakness expected in these two markets primarily or are there other markets that you think could potentially be weaker or more volatile as you get into the fourth quarter? 

Question_15:

          A couple of questions here. One on the change to the long-term algorithm: you talked about NARTD growth being more mid-single digits going forward. Going back to Bill Schmitz' question, is that going down permanently from the 6% number that you guys had put out there before or are you structurally calling for lower category growth? 
Then the second question I had related to the restructuring program -- I guess two questions on this. First, is it the macros? Is it the lower structural growth of the category that's causing you to up this just eight months after your last program? And then a clarification on the numbers which is, part of the savings program announced in February related to not necessarily productivity, but more efficient spending? Is there any of that's built into this new $2 billion? Thanks. 

Question_16:

          Got it. Again, just a clarification on the reallocation versus what we would view as incremental cost saves. Any color on that? 

Question_17:

          What I was asking is, if I remember correctly, the February productivity program included some true productivity and then some sort of reallocation of spending to more efficient methods. I'm asking is there any of that also built into the incremental $2 billion from today? 

Question_18:

          Also on the subject of media and marketing spend, when all is said and done, Kathy or Muhtar, for calendar 2014, you mentioned a double-digit increase in media in the quarter. But when we look at the total marketing spend, how much do you think that'll be up when all is said and done for 2014? When we think about the comparatively lackluster 2015 you're talking about, how much of that is attributable to the rate of increase and marketing spend you're intending next year? 

Question_19:

          Is there anything -- is it reasonable to assume it goes up at a faster rate in 2015 given the top line challenges? 

Question_20:

          Okay. Just one point of clarification back on John's question, about the $3 billion, you mentioned, Muhtar, the vast majority being OpEx. Are you talking 80%, 70%, 90%? Can you give us some sense of that number? 

Question_21:

          Two questions if I could: first, despite some disappointment in some quarters, from a strategic standpoint, this does seem like a fairly substantial change from where you were in July, strategically. Can you talk about the process that you went through internally to get here? Do you view these changes more reactive or proactive? To the extent that much of the work has been accelerated since midsummer, how confident are you that this is the right program? Why is $2 billion, for example, the right number and not $3 billion or some other figure? That's the first question. 
Secondly, as you seem closer to a defined timeline for refranchisement in North America, can you help us dimension the financial terms and the economics of that activity? Just in broad brush strokes, acknowledging you'll probably cover more this in December, but do you anticipate refranchising to result in economic loss or gain versus your 2010 investments? How much dilution should we expect as we go forward through the program, again just in broad brush strokes? Thanks. 

