Question_1:

          I've got a question about -- Muhtar, in your prepared remark, you mentioned the consumer environment remaining volatile in terms of your expectations for 2015. Can you talk a little bit about what range of volatility you might have embedded in your plans for 2015? 
Maybe talk a little bit more specifically about the consumer environment, both in Europe and Latin America, where since those are really two important markets for the Company and where it seems volatile? Finally, just maybe how that might affect your decision to spend more marketing in those markets this year given the volatility? I know there's a lot there, but thanks. 

Question_2:

          Fair to say that you've got a wider range of volatility or contingencies for that type of volatility built into the 2015 plans? Just maybe the normal, just since it's such a volatile environment? 

Question_3:

          My question is really relating to the strong price mix that you saw North America in the quarter. Obviously, you've been focused on getting mix impact and rational pricing. Can you just speak to how much of the improvement was mix-driven, as opposed to maybe cycling some of the heightened promotional environment last year, and as you think about 2015 and beyond, just thinking about some of the mix acceleration potential and the pricing side in North America? 

Question_4:

          Got it. Okay. Then Kathy, if I could just have a quick follow-up on just in terms of the commodities in 2015. What have you locked in, in terms of your exposure are there? As you think about different commodity complexes that are turning more favorable, how much of that could we expect to see drive some of that margin improvement, particularly markets like North America? 

Question_5:

          Wanted to follow up a little bit on, Muhtar, on your comments on Europe. Obviously, it's been a difficult market over the past couple of years. 
What's the right way to think about a glide path getting back to growth there? Is it something where QE works and we start to see the economy come back, do you think you can get back to consistent growth? What are some realistic ranges of expectations for 2015 and potentially into 2016? 

Question_6:

          Great. Thanks. If I could ask one follow-up to Kathy. Kathy, you talked about your FX coverage on translational for 2015. Obviously, what this can lead to sometimes is a year or two year impact. Any thoughts on 2016 and how you'll manage what could potentially be some FX headwind there as the hedges roll off?  

Question_7:

          One quicker clarification question, then a slightly more thematic one. First, obviously there are a lot of moving parts driving price and mix in the quarter, globally. I wondered if you could just focus in on rate increases and talk about trends there because my guess is that rate lagged overall price mix in North America, which you talked, but Europe, the bottling investment, Latin American, and then rate was probably stronger than price mix in Eurasia, Africa, Pacific, and across the whole Company. Any help there would be great, just parsing out overall rate trends? 
Then more broadly, it sounds like your productivity targets remain unchanged from last fall, which isn't really surprising as it has only been a few months. But at the same time, we've already seen announcements of headcount reductions that likely were not envisioned prior to your October update. I'm wondering why we are not seeing more incrementality sooner on that front, or perhaps we are, it's just being absorbed by the macro headwinds? If you could clarify that, that would be great? 

Question_8:

          Okay. Just two points of clarification, just to follow-up on those answers. Thank you very much. On the price mix, maybe just Kathy, specifically to Eurasia, Africa, where I'm assuming rate pricing in Russia, for example, is quite positive, should we be expecting this negative mix trend to persist in 2015? This is one follow-up on pricing. 
Then Muhtar, to your point on the part of the plan, does that mean that the headcount reductions, for example, that were announced, was that part of the original $1 billion or was that part of the additional $2 billion that was announced last fall? 

Question_9:

          Given the pressure that currency is placing and all this macro volatility, do you anticipate or can you, actually, accelerate anything around your cost-cutting plans to offset this or do you plan taking even more pricing in places like Europe, Eurasia, Africa, or Asia-Pacific, where it does not look like you are offsetting your currency moves as much? 

Question_10:

          So in other words, we shouldn't anticipate more pricing as FX continues to be a negative pressure? If you can answer that, also, in the context of the benignness of commodities in 2015, and if that is a limit on your ability to take pricing, again, to offset FX and in the broader price context? 

Question_11:

          Okay. I'm just trying to understand. We could anticipate, if the consumer is ready to do it and if the segmentation suggests, we could see more pricing align with inflation because of currencies being so negative. Is that fair of what you are saying? 

Question_12:

          Just a quick one, Kathy, a technical question. The six additional days in the first quarter, is there some level of give-back later in the year? Do we see a reversal of that in the fourth quarter, for example? 

Question_13:

          One is a housekeeping question. Can you just tell us what the pricing would have been in Latin America if you were at SICAD 2 for this year and last? 

Question_14:

          Okay. I was just trying to get at what impact Venezuela had on the price, just for modeling for year, if there was a Venezuelan anomaly this quarter that might have take that pricing down next year? 

Question_15:

          Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks. Just on Asia-Pacific, it came in a little lighter than our expectations. It was one of the lowest volume outcomes in a while. In your prepared comments, it seems like you are fairly sanguine about that segments, so was there an anomaly this quarter that took the volume a little bit softer and the price mix, so negative? I know there was a mix element there, but any comments on that would be very much appreciated? 

Question_16:

          Great. One quick last one, if I could. Just to gauge the progress of the productivity program. Is a good metric to look at the Corporate unallocated line on the segment data? Does that come down as the restructuring savings come through? 

