Answer_1:

    John, we can't hear you. Apologies, John, we didn't hear the question. 

Answer_2:

    Yes, we can. 

Answer_3:

    We're growing, as you've probably seen, we showed you on Investor Day. And while there was a little bit of lower growth this quarter, we do expect to grow loans in our commercial bank loans in Asset Management, wholesale loans, Mortgage Banking. And we're growing our deposits very strongly. So it's really just the underlying business driver growth that we've been seeing and expect to continue. 

Answer_4:

    Yes. John, actually, if I refer you back -- and from recollection, I'll do it for you -- but if I refer you back to Investor Day, it's based upon our adjusted expenses, which are defined as our expenses excluding corporate litigation and foreclosure-related matters. Which in 2012 was $60 billion, plus or minus. I think $60.1 billion. And we're expecting to be $59 billion this year. And that's what we're on track to deliver. 

Answer_5:

    A little higher than that in the first quarter. But the first quarter is seasonally high. 

Answer_6:

    Yes. The fourth-quarter normalized run rate was $725 million. This quarter it's down a little off that, as you would expect, given the IFR completion. We said that we expected the fourth quarter to be running at $600 million. And we said that at Investor Day and we're still on track to do that. And we've also said that the long-term run rate for that part of the business would be about $325 million a quarter, and that would be over the next couple of years. 

Answer_7:

    The litigation dropped quarter over quarter. Clearly we had a large number last quarter on the back of IFR. And we did have litigation expense this quarter, you'll see in the supplementary there, just over $300 million. 

Answer_8:

    Yes, that's right, John. 

Answer_9:

    Yes, but also remember, we didn't buy back shares in the fourth quarter or the third quarter. So there was an overall net $2.6 billion  gross] $2,6 billion net of employee issuance. 

Answer_10:

    Yes. 

Answer_11:

    No. I think the issuance number is fairly level and consistent quarter by quarter, because it's really based upon amortization of restricted stock and all that. And the buyback, the $2.6 billion, remember, that was over the course of the quarter, so it averaged out to 50% of that for the quarter. So we can give you more detail a little bit later. 


    Yes, we'll come back to you John. 

Answer_12:

    But the $6 billion will offset how much average amortization over the same 12-month period, like $2 billion. 


    Yes, $2 billion. John, that's a good way of looking at it. The $6 billion we're authorized to repurchase relates to employee issuance over the same period of just a little bit over $2 billion. 


    For accounting purposes. 

Answer_13:

    The second one is the big one, that's June 11, or something like that. 


    Yes, June 11. 


    And that's where you have a lot of bigger client stuff like that. People are still getting used to it. So we think -- I think we've got 30% or 40% lined up to do it. They're still reading documents, have to sign new documents. So hopefully it will go smoothly. It's unlikely to go smoothly the first round. The first round were really large participants and swap deals, et cetera. We'll have to just wait and see. 

Answer_14:

    Look, we really don't know. I would say temporary but probably still down a little bit because of the reason you gave. Some feel and just say -- we don't need to do this anymore. And we also know all the final rules, by the way, and how the SCFs are going to work in bidding. 

Answer_15:

    Yes. If you take -- our Basel I RWA went up about $200 million. That's all about the implementation of the new market risk rules in Basel 2.5. Which is also why you saw our ratio go down from a reported 11% last quarter. It's really all explained by that. And our Basel III RWA was flattish quarter over quarter, with some pluses and some minuses. 


    That was already in there essentially. 


    Yes. Of course, yes. 

Answer_16:

    My recollection -- and, again, Glenn, forgive me if I get this wrong -- it's on the slide from the firm overview and Investor Day -- but I think that 100 basis points equates to about $180 billion of RWA over the next two years. But, remember, the passive runoff will take place over time. Not completely linearly but over time. And the model enhancements can be a little bit lumpier and a little bit more back ended. So we'll just have to see how that plays out. But, yes, we're still expecting for those things to happen, for us to get 100 basis points of benefit from that, and that's without the active mitigation. That's going to happen over the course of time. Just check that slide for me, Glenn, when you get on. 

Answer_17:

    Glenn, I actually think you all on the line should be dealing with this issue a little bit because the reason you have companies is because they serve clients well at a good cost. There's a reason our numbers are good, because we have cross sell and clients come to us. And there are reasons for global banks, just like there are reasons for community banks. I think the real issue -- again, you guys do the numbers -- is the banking system has gotten so much stronger in the United States. And it's not just capital, but it's capital, liquidity, oversight. Activities that people like are no longer being done. Derivatives are going to clearing houses. And the initial wave of OLA and living wills, et cetera, those things should all work. I hope at one point we declare a victory and just stop eating our young at this thing. 

Answer_18:

    Betsy, there was a little bit of passive mitigation. There was a little bit of run-off. And there was also some declines as we purchased back some AFS securities, and those were offset by some other things. It wasn't a very big number because, as I say, that will bleed in over time. And the model enhancements which are about 50% of the 100-basis-point benefit will be a bit back ended. 

Answer_19:

    That's right. Yes, some of it later this year, some of it next. 

Answer_20:

    Yes. We showed you at Investor Day that we had a gap to be fully compliant. We're going to be fully compliant by the end of the year. We did close that gap this quarter, not completely, by about one-third. Obviously we also disclosed -- on the slide you'll see our HQLA, our high quality liquid assets which has a relationship. They've gone up. But that's the numerator and the denominator changes, too. So think about it as we've made good progress. We've closed the gap by about one-third and we're on the way to compliance. 


    And I think, when Marianne gave you the forecast going forward for NIM, that includes changing how we create more LCR. 

Answer_21:

    On the quantitative stuff we passed. And that's why we got the capital plan. There are criticisms around qualitative. And from what we know now, and we're still doing work, we're going to give you more, is around -- they want more granular type of forecasting. They want more idiosyncratic type of forecasting. So we're having conversations with them. Marianne has formed a CCAR department which is going to become experts in CCAR. 


    And, Betsy, in terms of the time line, we're resubmitting, as requested, in the third quarter. We're doing everything between now and then to remediate and improve our processes following their feedback. So we're committed to being successful. 

Answer_22:

    Yes, so Brennan, I think it's very hard to predict. And you're right, it bounces around and it can be noisy. We had a higher level of litigation reserves in the first quarter of last year. And we hope that the numbers will remain low but we can't predict them for you, I'm afraid. 

Answer_23:

    They're always going to be lumpy because we have to deal with these things in due course. I think in the prior years we put away a lot. We've always kept the same, predominantly mortgage, largely mortgage, et cetera. And obviously the fact we're not doing more means we think we've gotten there. We did a lot of work on that. It could always change. But we've done thorough analysis. As a lot of you all did, by the way. We did it at the tranche level almost. So, could it be permanently lower? Yes, it could be permanently lower. It doesn't have to go higher. But, obviously, a lot of things coming our way and we'll have to reserve appropriately as they come in. 

Answer_24:

    Yes, it's tough to predict but maybe the thing you could look at is, if you take our pretax spread right now of 100 basis points, that compares to a longer-term average run rate of 65 basis points before the crisis. We've been stepping down from a very high level at the beginning of 2012. And we're back to a level where, frankly, we're not that far away from the longer-term run rate. And it's driven by the primary-secondary spread, which came in about 20 basis points in the quarter, back to levels that, again, feel more normal. I don't know I could say what inning we're in, I'm not a sports person, but it doesn't feel like we have another big step change to go. 


    But we expect it might be up a little bit next quarter, not down, for a variety of reasons. 


    Yes. There's going to be volatility quarter on quarter, but for this year we think we're in and around this range. 

Answer_25:

    A lot of that business is -- we call it flow business. So we look at credit, emerging markets, rates, FX. The clients -- we deal with clients all around the world and they need those services. Obviously, we always try to become more efficient. So if you look at FX, I'm going to say 80% is electronic. If you look at rates, the electronic number's going to go up. And so we're going to drive efficiency. But we still think clients are going to need it. There will be spreads to pay for it. And, obviously, everyone is going to be adjusting to Basel III. As you pointed out, some people leaving the business, some are getting into the business. We think it has a good future. We don't think it's going to go away. 

Answer_26:

    I think you're confusing two different things. I really think that quality -- they're going to give us more feedback on where they say we fell short in quality. I've mentioned them -- idiosyncratic, more level detail, more enterprise-wide type of forecasting, et cetera. That's one issue. The second is the actual dollar amount. The Fed has made it very clear, they want people to get to their Basel III targets. Ours is at least 9.5%. Ben Bernanke said on a speech he gave that the banks that they did the stress tests on have more capital after extreme stress than they started in the crisis. So the Fed, I think, is feeling more and more comfortable, not just individual banks but the system as a whole. And we reduced the 15 down to 6 because we wanted to get to our 9.5% target faster. That's why we did it. We just changed our mind. We want to get to 9.5% this year, we want to get to LCR this year. And obviously they may change the stress test next year. And assume we're going to have a conservation buffer coming in. And we don't know how the interplay of those two things will work. 

Answer_27:

    I think it's too early. 


    Yes, it's too early for us to tell that. Remember, that's going to relate to how fast you grow and other requests from regulators. So we'll take that when we get there. 


    Yes, but we do -- Erika, we do expect that we will be continuing to grow capital just through this 100 basis points of passive runoff from mitigation. Certainly our capital levels will be stronger and we're just going to have to see how things play out. 

Answer_28:

    So, if I could -- a little difficult to side it for you. But we did see a lot of still the pull forward to the fourth quarter, just given the year-end issues that people were concerned about. And so that has had an impact. I think it's slightly less of an impact than in terms of the competitive landscape. And there are deals being done with terms and conditions and pricing that we're not comfortable with at the moment, and we're just remaining very disciplined. So that has had an impact for us. 

Answer_29:

    Broadly flat. Broadly flat, around 32%. 

Answer_30:

    Broadly flat at around 32%. 

Answer_31:

    Correct. 

Answer_32:

    Broadly flat. Flat. 

Answer_33:

    Actually, we saw declines in deposits. So they're using their cash. They're waiting it out. 

Answer_34:

    Mike, it's Marianne. We're in constant dialogue with our regulators. And so we know that we should be expecting some more consent orders. But to clarify for you, they relate to issues that we've been working on over the course of the last several years. So these are not new breaking issues that will surprise you in any material way. 

Answer_35:

    Mike, we can't really go into the detail of the reports in specifics. But we obviously respect the work of the subcommittee. We respect the findings they had and we're working very hard to fix our issues. As it relates to the proposal and the recommendation to require documentation associated with portfolio hedging, identifying the specific risks that the hedge is designed to mitigate, and then monitoring it over time, we tend to agree that that makes a lot of sense in the context of what we face. 

Answer_36:

    No. And actually there's a couple of things I would say. First, that we're organizing ourselves around the control and regulatory agenda because it's a high priority for us. And we're getting ourselves organized in the same way as we would around a merger or an acquisition. And in doing that we are prioritizing our work. But we're not changing our overall strategy. We're not going to change the way we treat our customers, how we think about growing our businesses. But at the margin we're going to refocus our energies on making sure that we execute on the commitments to improve the control and regulatory environments. 

Answer_37:

    Yes, so applications actually have come back up. Rates have come down a little in the second quarter. For us in particular, starting there, we're expecting re-fi volumes to stay high. We did see a little bit of an increase in purchase volumes in the applications in the first quarter, albeit from a smaller base. And also we did the Met Life transaction so we have the opportunity to be working that portfolio. So our view on volumes for the year is that they're going to remain solid, although there will be some volatility really on the back of continued strength in refinancing. And you saw the HARP extension so more broadly for the market I think re-fi including HARP will be a level of support for volumes this year. 

Answer_38:

    Honestly, it's really all part of how we think about positioning the organization. And being compliant with LCR is part of our new reality. It's just a part of -- we've embedded it into just how we're thinking about the overall positioning of the firm. So it's not something we're separating out for you. 

Answer_39:

    It's hard for me to predict the second quarter. It is a real reduction in risk across the portfolio including -- and not driven by but including -- the synthetic credit portfolio which we continue to derisk. But it is important to note, if you look across the asset classes, there's been a very significant decline in the levels of volatility that affect the time series for our lookback period. So that, necessarily, bad days rolled off and better days rolled on. And so, when we compute our VaR it's pushing the VaR down lower. So, as long as volatility remains low and we continue to derisk, there's reasons to believe they'll be at or around this level. But it is going to be subject to changes in volatility, as and when they happen. 

Answer_40:

    It's factored in. 


    Yes It's an all-in number for us. So, to the degree we expect that to happen by the year end, it's all part of the number, including some capacities to buy shares, the whole thing. 

Answer_41:

    I'll take the two things separately, the PPNR separate from trading losses. On the trading losses, obviously there's a number of different stresses that we do. And while our number was different, I don't think we feel like there's anything about our processes that is materially going to change. But as it relates to PPNR, we did get feedback that we need to look at certain of our revenue models and we need to look at them more centrally. And, as Jamie said, with a slightly more negative view, idiosyncratically. And we're going to do that. 

Answer_42:

    So, a couple of things. One is, we are expecting to, and hoping to -- we've set a target for ourselves to gain share -- we do expect volumes to be supported by refinancing this year. That is our expectation. It could change, of course. As it relates to the cost structure, obviously that comes down a little bit more slowly over time but we're making progress. And we talked about the fact that we expect that to be down at $600 million run rate for the fourth quarter. And down to $325 million sometime over the next couple of years. And we're actively working on optimizing our servicing business, both the core performing servicing -- and you saw that obviously with the Met Life deal -- but also, where it would make sense, we would be open to doing sales on subservicing of delinquent loans. And we're working through all those things to try and get to cost structures to the best place it can be. 

Answer_43:

    The private equity, we've always told you, is lumpy. It was just markdowns and write-downs of existing positions. And we don't go through the specific names. But, obviously, we hope it will earn a profit. It just wasn't a particularly good quarter for private equity. And the private equity legally can survive Volcker and all those things. We like the business. We like the people. And you just have to do it in a different basis, that's all. 

Answer_44:

    No. There's no seasonality in private equity. It's constantly being reviewed. 


    And it's lumpy. 

Answer_45:

    Absolutely. Guy, it's a big change from the fourth quarter, off a small number. So, not to diminish the size of the numbers, but positive $50 million, negative $80 million, plus or minus around the zero level. What that's a factor of, Guy, is that the reserve release is based upon our model, and realized losses is based upon agency activity. So the timing isn't exactly perfect. So realized losses came down from about $200 million to $180 million. And we didn't build reserves. We released them, just not at the same order of magnitude. And it's really to do with timing, which is why we say that we do expect over time they'll net to zero. Last quarter it was a small positive. This quarter it's a small negative. Nothing to read into it. 

Answer_46:

    We're in constant dialogue with the regulators. We obviously can't comment on the specifics of our conversations with them. We've had some very constructive conversations as we came out the 2013 CCAR process. And on the basis of those we're actively working to make the improvements they want us to make. But also expecting to continue to get more and more detailed feedback and actually hope to get some industry best practice information, too. So we're going to be working in partnership with them, in constant dialogue, all the way through this year so that we can be clear on what success looks like. 

Answer_47:

    We haven't gotten a lot of feedback yet. So there will be more to come. But we're going to be geared up to do it. And I think we want to be best-in-class in CCAR. The answer is [absolutely positive] in PPNR. I mentioned just one -- idiosyncratic exposure and risk in PPNR. When you go through a stress test, you can assume that your company is just dealing with all those macroeconomic factors with your forecast. You can assume your company is going through those macroeconomic forecasts plus you're under some other kind of stress and you can lose market shares. Obviously that would change your PPNR. So we'll be having more dialogue and trying to figure out and make sure we do the right thing here. 

Answer_48:

    No. This is just a resubmission of the progress program. And they like to see qualitative improvement. This is not a change of request at all. This is the one that Marianne referred to that will be in the third quarter. 


    We'll obviously do another CCAR in January. 

Answer_49:

    No. The through-the-year accruals is almost exactly the same. It's based upon -- there's a lot of stuff that goes into that number but that really hasn't changed that much. 


    Yes. And actually you've got to normalize out the DVA, which was a large loss last quarter. If we normalize that out, revenues are down. So it's not comped down on revenue. (multiple speakers) 


    I was referring to that we're constantly putting in new operationals, new systems to reduce overhead. Marianne already mentioned a bunch of things we're doing in Mortgage. You're seeing similar efforts in Consumer. That's a constant effort. We do have names for some of them, by the way. I'm just not going to mention them here. 

Answer_50:

    No. 


    No. 

Answer_51:

    I think you're referring to the CTL, the commercial term lending, which is lending against multi-family. And we have seen growth in it. Remember, that stuff is like 65% LTV. It did great through this last downturn so we're very comfortable with that kind of lending. I forgot where you --. 

Answer_52:

    I would say a little of both. 

Answer_53:

    Are you talking about the commercial bank or the total Company? 


    We would expect to be flat to down a little bit as companies use their -- they have a lot of deposits. So I think we, at Investor Day and earlier, told people they were really high and we expected it to come down, particularly before people start using their revolvers. So they do relate to each other. 

Answer_54:

    I don't know the answer to that. 

Answer_55:

    We did a whole page for you on where we thought the through-the-cycle reserve levels should be by business. And there are some businesses -- mortgage, most obviously -- that still have a way to go. And there are other businesses in the wholesale space, in the commercial bank, that are below that through the cycle. I would refer you back to that page. If you do the numbers, from recollection, on an annualized basis, our charge-offs have been more like $7 billion or $8 billion, which, while that is not dissimilar to charge-offs we've seen, it's for different reasons. So I would take a look at that page. 


    It's mostly mortgage that will come down. Think of everything else as close to normal. Mortgage, which in total is $9 billion, will eventually be a lot lower than that. But that could take a couple of years. 

Answer_56:

    To talk for us specifically, as you probably know, we've been very successful and proactive as it's relating to HARPing our own book. And by the end of this year we fully expected to have been as successful and mine that as far as possible, or they will carry on. That's not the case in the industry. So it's great news that HARP was extended out to the end of 2015. And it will allow for other servicers to get their ducks in a row and potentially to have cross service to HARP. Which, in turn, should be good in terms of volumes, although I don't think it will be a step change. For us we're not expecting it to be a significant difference in our production or in our MSR value. 

Answer_57:

    We talked about we peaked in our HARP volumes in about second quarter of last year. I think overall, first half of last year was high, came down slightly, overall 15% last year. We talked at Investor Day that we thought that would go down to the high single digits this year, and it is, in terms of percentage of our production. And we are very active and have been very proactive in mailing our HARP population. And expected to have completed the program by the end of the year. So we were on track and this doesn't change our expectations. 


    I think the total -- if you take all mortgages, I think the number's like 4 million would be HARP-able today if they went to it. I'm somewhat surprised that more people don't do it, to tell you the truth. Anything the government can do, either PR, I think the cross-servicing is probably a bigger one, will make it slightly better. The thing was just slightly better. It's not going to dramatically change mortgage. 

Answer_58:

    We hope so. We don't know any better than you. 

Answer_59:

    You really have to ask them. We'll leave this to them and the regulators, okay? 

Answer_60:

    You've got to ask them. 

