Question_1:

    Good morning, Marianne. On the last point about NII outlook, what are the drivers of the strong growth(technical difficulty)? 

Question_2:

    Can you hear me? 

Question_3:

    Sorry about that. Can you tell me on the NII outlook, what are the drivers of the strong growth in earning assets you expect that you just mentioned on the NII page? 

Question_4:

    Okay. And on the expense outlook, you mentioned for the adjusted expenses to be down about $1 billion. What's the base that we should look at for you to be down from? Do you have that? 

Question_5:

    And what was it in the first quarter? 

Question_6:

    Okay, got it. And then can you repeat your outlook on the default servicing expense line? That came down a lot this quarter nicely and you mentioned the target for the end of the year. 

Question_7:

    Okay. And then the litigation dropped significantly this quarter. I think you said it was immaterial this quarter on the litigation provision. Is that right? 

Question_8:

    Okay. And the last thing is on the buybacks. You did a healthy buyback this quarter but the share count didn't shrink that much. Is the first quarter heavier than usual in terms of your issuance? And the question's getting at, would $2.6 billion of buybacks in other quarters be expected to shrink the share count in quarters when it's not the first quarter? 

Question_9:

    Okay. So your issuance is more weighted towards the first? Is that right? 

Question_10:

    I'm just getting at how that translates to reduction in the share count. It's offset by what you do issuance, right? -- each quarter? 

Question_11:

    Was this a normal quarter of issuance? So a $2.6 billion buyback keeps the share count flat? Is that the kind of ratio we might expect? 

Question_12:

    Okay. But it was steady throughout the year. That's what I was getting at. 

Question_13:

    First one. The first deadline for compliance with Central Clearing came and went, and it clearly didn't have much of an impact on your first-quarter FICC results. So I'm curious, I hear commentary in the market that a lot of clients might not be ready for either the second or the third deadlines later this year. Curious what you're expecting and if you do think it could produce any hiccup in activity levels. 

Question_14:

    And even on the wait and see, if some aren't ready, do you think of that as a temporary and just literally a function of processing, not -- maybe we don't need insurance anymore because it's too expensive? 

Question_15:

    Right. Okay. Marianne, on the RWA front, a bunch of little things in here. But Basel I RWAs were up 11% quarter on quarter but Basel III were pretty much flat. I know that has something to do with 2.5 starting in the first quarter. But if you can help us. 

Question_16:

    So that leads into the comment you made towards the beginning on any passive runoff and model enhancements are not pulled forward in your results. And I think you said it could be about 100 basis points. Is there a dollar amount of RWA natural runoff that we should be thinking about? Because obviously capital's building. 

Question_17:

    Will do. Last one, Jamie. I know you addressed some of this in your shareholder letter. But between everything related to Basel III -- stress test, Dodd-Frank -- in place already, and then OLA and living wills coming online, it feels like we're going down the path on containing too big to fail. But yet there's a steady drum beat, including Brown-Vitter, to change things. Just curious on where we're headed in this and what will stop the drum beat. When is enough enough? 

Question_18:

    Couple of follow-ups on RWA. How much of the passive mitigation was embedded within the RWA results for Basel III this quarter? 

Question_19:

    Okay. So, really, that's going to come later this year, is what you're saying? 

Question_20:

    And then on the NIM and the LCR, there's obviously an interplay there. And could you just give us an update on where you are with the LCR this quarter? Because your NIM decline this quarter actually was a lot lighter than what we were expecting. 

Question_21:

    Right. Okay. And then lastly, just on the CCAR conditional approval, can you just give us a sense? Because I think people were a little bit surprised to see that you had the conditional approval results and yet you were able to do the buyback and the dividend hike that you asked for. So the underlying question is, what can you speak to with regard to what's being asked? And what kind of time frame do you think you have for satisfying the regulatory requirements here? 

Question_22:

    Just a follow-up on the question on litigation. That dropped to the $0.3 billion. Is that potentially -- are we now adjusting to a lower level? Or was that just noise in what is an extremely volatile number bouncing around a little? 

Question_23:

    Sure. Okay. But said another way, you guys don't see anything changing in the environment that would lead you to believe or be comfortable with a lower level of assumption of litigation expenses when we think about you? 

Question_24:

    Let's hope so. Okay. And then the spread in mortgage compression was meaningful here this quarter. What inning do you think we're in there, ballpark? I know it's tough to predict, as well. 

Question_25:

    Okay. So this is the right way to think about it. That helps. And then last one from me, when you think about your cap markets business and the pending change, you guys chatted a little about it with Glenn on the swap clearing, that June seems like the bigger date, Basel and all of the subsequent changes to the competitive environment, competitors adjusting the size of their business and what have you, how do you feel about your business there, particularly on the fixed side, more capital intensive businesses? Do you think that this presents an opportunity to maybe go through review and right-size, maybe increase the efficiency measures there? Or do you feel comfortable keeping your business where it is, roughly? 

Question_26:

    Good morning. I just had one follow-up question to Betsy's inquiry on capital return. Clearly we now have two years of this stress test behind us. And you were initially approved in 2012 for a $15 billion buyback and $6 billion this year. What does the Fed need to see -- and you're building capital, clearly -- what do you think the Fed needs to see from you in terms of the qualitative issues, to get back to the kind of capital return that they clearly in 2012 -- they thought you had plenty of capacity to pay out? 

Question_27:

    Okay. And given what you just mentioned, is it too optimistic to assume for next year a buyback in the $12 billion to $15 billion range? 

Question_28:

    Loan growth, it's a little bit softer. And I think you mentioned there was some push forward to the fourth quarter. But you also mentioned more competition and lower levels of demand, if I heard you correctly. So my question is how much of the softer loan growth is due to JPMorgan perhaps pulling back and how much is due to the economy? 

Question_29:

    So, really, on the lower level of demand, what was your loan utilization in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter? 

Question_30:

    I'm sorry? 

Question_31:

    32%? 

Question_32:

    And so what's that? Flat or down a little bit? 

Question_33:

    Flat. And is that just -- why aren't people borrowing more? 

Question_34:

    Okay. And then a separate question, looking at the annual report. Page 4 of the Chairman's letter refers to regulation and some of the issues that you faced, and said we will see more of these. So when you say we will see more of these, Jamie, what are you talking about? Because people's imaginations can go in a lot of different directions. Are we talking Department of Justice, SEC, FBI? Were you thinking of anything in particular or in general or a time frame? And really what I'm asking you to address is the regulatory tail risk of we don't know what we don't know in terms of potential government moves as it relates to JPMorgan. 

Question_35:

    Okay. And was there anything new as part of the '11 hearings that would change the way you would think about the London Whale incident because there was some pretty damning information, some unknowns, at least to those of us who follow the Company. But from your perspective, is there anything else you need to do as a result of the information from those hearings? 

Question_36:

    And then, lastly, when you talk about some additional changes that need to take place -- and I think some of these are organizational -- is there anything major new that you did not cover at the Investor Day recently? 

Question_37:

    Good morning. I wanted to drill down a little bit on the mortgage side of things. Mortgage originations were a little bit stronger than we expected, up about 3%. Applications were down about 8%. You suggested that you thought the gain on sale margins might be relatively flattish going through the next couple of quarters. I'm just curious as to what your thoughts are in terms of the mortgage origination market away from the gain on sale issues that you've been facing. 

Question_38:

    And then, Marianne, a question on NIM. Clearly, your moves on the LCR had some effect on NIM over the last quarter or two. Can you separate what you think the net interest margin movements will be for JPMorgan, excluding your moves for the LCR? Or is it just so intertwined that you really can't do that? 

Question_39:

    Okay. And then, just finally, we saw a fairly sizable decline in value at risk, both in the CIB and overall. Can you give us a little more color as to what's going on there and what we might be able to expect in the second quarter? 

Question_40:

    A couple of clean-up things. When you are looking at getting to the 9.5%, did you factor in that 100 basis points or is that something that would be on top of that? 

Question_41:

    Got it. Okay. And talking qualitatively about the CCAR process also, there was a pretty large impact on PPNR, which seemed to be like the Fed's looking at pretty harsh -- a pretty harsh look at trading losses. Have you had any clarity from them about whether they're looking at that revenue stream differently than other banking revenue streams? 

Question_42:

    Okay. And then, lastly, on the mortgage business, it looked like in the core production, the expense reduction was about 50% of the revenue decline. How do you think about, as that business continues to normalize, as you said, it's probably mostly normalized from a gain on sale perspective, although you probably have some volume issues as we go through the rest of the year. How do you think about the cost structure of that business as you go forward? 

Question_43:

    Good morning. I thought this was one of the cleaner quarters in a while. So I just had one follow-up here. In the private equity, you took some losses from the private portfolio. Just wondering what drove that. And then also the outlook for this business under Basel III and Volcker, even though we don't exactly know what Volcker is yet. 

Question_44:

    Is there any seasonality in terms of getting year-end or mid-year statements on the private portfolios? 

Question_45:

    The first thing I wanted to ask was if we could dig in a little bit on the repurchase losses within mortgage servicing. Such a big swing versus the fourth quarter, an $81 million -- it sounds like a reserve build because I think I heard you say that your actual realized losses were not significant. And yet the guidance remains that it should be a net zero. So it just seemed like there were a lot of moving parts there. I was hoping maybe you could give us a little sense for why you had the $81 million hit. 

Question_46:

    Okay, thanks for that. With regard to the CCAR process and some of the changes that the Fed is asking you to make, first of all, just qualitatively can you give us a sense for the amount of dialogue that you have with the Fed as you work towards satisfying their request, so that you really know exactly where they thought the deficiencies were? Or is there a lot of guesswork for you on that? 

Question_47:

    Okay. And just if I can follow up on I think it was Moshe's question about the PPNR. It sounded like you were saying that many of the deficiencies that they were focusing on were in the inputs to the calculation of the stress PPNR specifically. Did I understand that right? 

Question_48:

    Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks. I hope this doesn't sound too crazy but just to think about it the other way, is there any chance that after the resubmission, or as part of the resubmission, given how close you are to your Basel III targets, and with some of that 100 basis points coming in, is there any chance that you would ask for and could get an increase for this year? 

Question_49:

    Got it. And then final question. You mentioned, Jamie, in the shareholder letter that just because you don't have big fancily-named cost-cutting programs, it doesn't mean you're not very focused on cost reduction. Is that what we're seeing in the fact that if you look at the CIB your comp was down 7% versus your revenue being plus? Or is it that you did something different in the way you think about through-the-year accruals? 

Question_50:

    Okay. But there's nothing different, like you said, in terms of the way you accrue for bonuses within the investment bank? 

Question_51:

    Thank you. Good morning. I had some questions on the Commercial Banking line of business. You had a nice increase in the real estate lending area in the first quarter. It looked like it was about $9 billion after four quarters of essentially flat to down real estate loans. Can you give us some color on where the growth was? 

Question_52:

    Are you guys finding greater demand or are you just more comfortable with it now than you were maybe a year ago? 

Question_53:

    Following up on your answer about corporate deposits dropping in the quarter, which obviously is a good sign if companies are using this for capital improvements, what's your outlook? Do you expect that to continue? Should we see that as a continued positive trend? 

Question_54:

    I agree. Are your guys on the front line hearing that from your customers, that they expect to use more for the remainder of the year, do you think? 

Question_55:

    Okay. Coming back to loan loss reserves, obviously you've got a great capital position. You pointed out that Bernanke has indicated that the banking system is super strong going through the stress test. With the current level of loans of about $729 billion, what would be a normal reserve level in normal times compared to where you are today? 

Question_56:

    Yes, thank you very much. I know a lot of my questions have been answered but we saw yesterday that they extended the HARP out another two years. And there's also some discussion coming out of some of the -- inside the White House, really, that they could put some type of PR plan behind HARP to try to get more people to HARP. Do you think this will have any impact at all in getting more people off the sidelines and refi-ing through the HARP programs? 

Question_57:

    I don't know if you can disclose this or not, but how much do you think you have HARP eligible? And how many of those HARP-eligible loans did you do on a percentage basis? Do you think you've touched most of them already? 

Question_58:

    Okay. I think a lot of companies have told us that they think that they've gotten through most of the low-hanging fruit with HARP, and that the people that aren't HARPing they doubt they will ever HARP. So I'm just wondering, if there's a big PR push, if some of those guys will wake up and say -- maybe I need to look at this program. 

Question_59:

    A quick question back to the Brown stuff that's hanging around out there. I'm reading what everybody else is, that they're looking at a 10% capital ratio, with the possibility of another 5% buffer on top of that. And basically throwing away the concept of risk-weighted assets. And more or less eviscerating Basel III, as far as I can see. Do you guys have any sense where this 10%, 5% number comes from? Is there some empirical evidence? Or is this just a back door way to try to get the biggest banks to break up? 

Question_60:

    Do you have a sense where the numbers are coming from? What that 10% capital ratio, where it comes from? 

