Question_1:

          Hi. Good morning, everyone.

Question_2:

          I guess as we look at this quarter, it just seems like some of the things that you laid out at the beginning of the year that were within your control have tracked in line, maybe even a little bit better than expected. It sounds like the refranchising in North America is pacing maybe a little faster. Closing the Monster transaction is taking a little bit longer, and it sounds like you're tracking pretty well in terms of cost savings and redeploying or spending more in marketing.
I guess when we think about the factors that are outside of your control, which would be I guess some of the macro factors, the change in the Venezuela exchange rate, how some of the markets are moving, I'm not sure if we have a great sense for maybe what is worse or what is better. If you could just maybe lay out for us versus where you were earlier this year, when you initially gave us guidance, what is better and what is worse, especially focusing on some of the things that are outside of your control?

Question_3:

          That is very helpful, Muhtar. Thank you. I didn't mean to have you talk so long. Your voice is definitely under some pressure this morning. Kathy, if I could, just one follow-up on the commodity piece, the comparisons were a little bit better in the first quarter. Just looking forward, is there anything that we should be looking at that could make it maybe more favorable as the year goes on? Like how much of it is locked in and how much of it might move based on commodity movements? Thank you.

Question_4:

          Thank you. I wanted to follow up on two questions related to the price mix number which is I guess one, if we look at the gallon variances you mentioned, it skews a little bit more towards high revenue per case. Can you give us an idea in the quarter in terms of how much of that benefit in geographic concentrate shipments, how much we'll need to take out over the balance of the year?
Then going back to some of the comments that you guys made, I think back in December, about a different global pricing strategy in terms of really trying to find the right balance region by region, can you talk about the outlook for pricing in Europe? It was obviously price mix was flat this quarter, but that's one where it seems like there are some opportunities going forward. What is the medium to longer term view on pricing in Europe? Thanks.

Question_5:

          Hi, guys. I will give Muhtar's voice a break, and maybe start with Kathy. The quarter came in better than expected from a margin perspective clearly versus consensus, but with the extra shipping days and Easter shift, it is tough to judge your margin performance. I was just hoping you could give us some perspective on where margins and profit came in this quarter versus your original expectations, and some of the key puts and takes in the quarter, again versus those original expectations.

Question_6:

          Okay. Then net-net, when you put everything together, would you say from a profit standpoint, or margin standpoint, where did the quarter come in versus original expectations at the corporate level?

Question_7:

          Thanks. Muhtar, feel free to weigh in, but I will also try to give you a break and direct questions to Sandy and Kathy. Guys, on North America, the price realization was solid, but it was actually a little lower than I at least had expected just based on market data. I know were you lapping some fairly intense retailer promotions, so maybe that played a role. Maybe it was again negative mix from still. I know you mentioned fountain dynamic, Sandy. I was hoping you could just expand on the trends there and whether you think 2% is a representative number for the year, at least in terms of way you're targeting it.
On a related note, I was wondering if you could dimension for us the profit contribution to this price mix you're getting. Because clearly, if it was all rates, pure rate, then it would flow through 100% to profit, all else equal, but given a lot of what we're seeing is category mix and these are just introduction of new package types, I'm wondering how to think about the profit contribution. Should we be assuming 50% as a rule of thumb, roughly? Or are there reasons to be more optimistic or cautious related to extrapolating price mix to profit flow-through?

Question_8:

          Okay. Maybe if I can just follow-up, related theme, different angle, and maybe this is for Kathy, but I noticed you changed the reporting of regional profit to profit before tax, so regional operating profits, to profit before tax, consistent with the incentive changes you made.
North American PBT was up like 100 basis points, 180 basis points or so, but I was wondering if you could comment, A, if there was any material benefit from sub-bottling payments in the quarter, and B, if [OI] margin trends would have mirrored PBT?
Then assuming so, how much of that 180 basis points improvement was driven by some of the better pricing realization, the better productivity, commodities, that can continue as a run rate versus timing benefits in the quarter related to the Easter and the calendar shift? If 180 is representative of the underlying OI trends, and then what is the real run rate that we should be thinking about as expected margin improvement on the year? Thanks.

Question_9:

          Thanks, good morning.

Question_10:

          I guess two questions, I will lump them together. One, on Diet Coke in the US, it did look like most recently the Nielsens looked like actually a positive number, and we haven't seen that in a while. I just wanted to see if maybe the trends, you feel like you've gotten behind that, where we could see some growth going forward or at least stabilization?
Then the second question, on the refranchising, anything you have seen thus far? I know it is early, where it is may be accelerated even further in terms of the bottler network, where it is maybe you have more of an update later as we move through the year?

Question_11:

          Hi, guys. Throughout the press release and your commentary, we pleasingly had heard and read about marketing increases, so that is a good thing. That is very much on plan. However, we didn't really see or hear much reference to cost-cutting benefits offsetting or funding some of those at this point.
The only thing you said was we are on track for $500 million of cost savings this year, but we are not hearing or seeing a lot of that flowing through, even offsetting things. I'm not saying all the way to the bottom line but at least offsetting some of your investments. When can we start hearing more about that savings offsetting your investments?

Question_12:

          A follow-up on that, and a separate question for Irial, just to follow up on that, Muhtar, if you could, is particularly in terms of the head count reduction and the savings there of, should we see that ramping up throughout the year?
At risk of being cut off, let me (inaudible) my second question here on a separate topic is we do keep hearing Germany, India, Vietnam bottlers in [BIG], continuing to do actually quite well. I always pause whenever I see that, and obviously there's been controversy about some of those names including (inaudible) Germany, but when is the right time to divest those and get them out of the hospital ward? What are you looking for to make sure that happens or potential buyers are looking for at this point to commit to buying them?

Question_13:

          Good morning. You announced a deal in China last week, and I was just keen to get a bit more detail of quite how that fits in. It is obviously a very different structure to what we have seen with the more recent deals of Monster or Keurig.

Question_14:

          Okay. Thank you. To follow up, for Kathy. I know it can be quite volatile but equity income at this time has almost gone to zero. Is there something specific in that that's causing that?

Question_15:

          Okay. This is not a case of there being some big one-offs in some of the equity holdings there?

Question_16:

          Hi, good morning.

Question_17:

          Is there any way to strip out what the benefit in the quarter was on the operating profit side from the extra days?

Question_18:

          Okay, but there is no fixed cost leverage or anything with the extra days that might have helped the gross and operating margin?

Question_19:

          Okay. That is very helpful. Just on BIG, the year-over-year margin expansion was awesome. Massive. What is driving that, and how sustainable is it?

Question_20:

          Okay. Great. Then just lastly, very quickly, the delay in the Monster transaction, is there any more color you can give us on why? I think it was supposed to close maybe late 2014, early 2015, and then you guys said March, and now it is towards the end of the quarter. Is there still a high probability that it is going to close then?

Question_21:

          Thank you. Good morning, everyone.

Question_22:

          I guess most of my questions were answered, so just a couple of P&L questions, Kathy. One, just in terms of the structural items impact this year, it sounds like a slight negative on revenues now as opposed to the prior call. Just a little bit of clarification of the puts and takes on the revenue impact, it sounds like the impact on bottom line is pretty minimal.
Then on the FX, you had the re-measurement gain in Q1 that was about a little bit more than a penny. Is that really what is the difference in terms of your full-year outlook for [PDP] impact being at the low end of that 7% to 8% that you had called out last time?

Question_23:

          The timing of the Monster transaction though, the deal itself is delayed, but you are getting the distribution into your bottling in this quarter. That would be still a positive in terms of the revenue benefit, but is re-franchising pacing really what's dragging down in terms of the revenue impact?

