Question_1:

          Hi, good morning. 

Question_2:

          So, Muhtar, it's been a year since you announced the plans to focus on greater pricing in developed markets as well as boost marketing spend starting in 2015, and I was hoping you could just take a step back and give us a more detailed review of your progress on those fronts, how much top-line growth is responding to those efforts relative to your expectations, both in terms of the market share payback from the higher marketing as well as the demand elasticity from the higher pricing. 
Then just in terms of the quarter, on an adjusted basis ex the concentrate lag, it looks like underlying revenue results are returning to your long-term goals with 3% unit case result and 3% price mix. So at this point, do you feel comfortable you can generally meet those long-term top-line growth goals going forward, ex any timing issues, or with emerging markets macros still decelerating and perhaps easy comps from this quarter it's a bit too early to call for that? Thanks. 

Question_3:

          I actually want to talk a little bit more about the National Product Supply System that James detailed. And I guess specifically, maybe Muhtar or James, could you talk more about the governance process there and the makeup of the managing Board? As I understand it, there are five voting members, CCR, Coke North America, and then the three bottlers, Consolidated, United, and Swire. 
I'm curious as to how you ensure that tough decisions get made in structure and implemented in that structure? Do you need unanimous consents? Is it majority rules? And if there isn't unanimous consent or support for a given measure, what gives the NPSG the power to enforce successful implementation? Thanks. 

Question_4:

          Yes. Sorry, I was on mute. No, thank you, that does help. But I guess, James, just to follow up, if there is friction on a given issue, or if there is debate about what is in the best economic interest of the system, what's the tie-breaker? How does the majority view get pushed through? 

Question_5:

          Great. There are mechanisms in place to break a tie? 

Question_6:

          I guess I was hoping to get a little bit more color in your performance in Europe this quarter. 4% volume growth, certainly an improvement there. You called out some of the factors, the green shoots in Europe, you've got the favorable weather conditions, as well as the marketing spending step-up. 
So, number one, can you just talk about a little bit more about what really drove the volume improvement?  How sustainable those improvements are in terms of volume? And then if you think about price mix performance in Europe, kind of flattish performance in a more developed market, how should we think about that number? How much was that geographic mix? And are you seeing actual price realization in some of the markets, understanding that obviously it's a tough deflationary market there. 

Question_7:

          Hi, good morning, everyone. 

Question_8:

          Kathy, just a question for you.  And just thinking about some of the, I guess the macro drivers of the P&L as we move into the fourth quarter and maybe beyond into 2016. Other income this quarter was an expense that had all related to the euro bond gain that you had in the first half and how we think about lapping that next year. 
FX, the negative effect on operating income is greater in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter. So should we think about FX carrying into 2016? 
Then in terms of structural change, I guess with Germany now essentially being contributed to the partnership, or the new entity in Europe, that will be a structural change for next year. But just anything we should be thinking about in terms of changes in the structural change component of modeling, I guess, going into the fourth quarter and maybe into next year would be helpful. Thanks. 

Question_9:

          Okay. Thank you. With the Africa JV, do we still expect that that will close before the end of the year, or is there any update on timing there? 

Question_10:

          Hey, guys, just a few things. One is I was hoping you could set people just more at ease around the closure of the gap in unit case volume to concentrate sales. Getting a lot of questions there. If you're real comfortable with that, if that's the case, that that closes for all the regions in the world, it certainly does look like there's an inflection on top line.  
But are we now comfortable enough to also start talking a little bit about perhaps a crossover point or an inflection point in the productivity savings being higher than reinvestment rate as well so margins can also look like they're expanding? It looks like you had flat operating margins here, including the FX effects there.  But that's better than it has been in a little while as well. So can we clarify and give us a sense on the margin inflection potential as well? 

Question_11:

          Okay, that's helpful. Just from a structural perspective, as you mention it, one of the big changes obviously in the marketplace is the ABI SAB deal which is agreed upon, I guess. Can you talk about any of the deal implications to you structurally in that context? 
For instance, would you let them produce both for you and the blue system?  Is that something you can shed a little bit of light on as now it's an agreed-upon deal it sounds like? 

Question_12:

          Yes, thanks. I want to go back as sort of a little bit of a follow-up to Steve's question. If I look at slide 10 in the handouts, if I look at North America, you guys are fragmenting that sort of last piece to market, that last piece of the route to market.  And then also to some extent the manufacturing piece, yet you're telling us on the flip side, as we look at Europe, as you create this wall that goes across Europe of all one big bottler, that consolidation is something that seems to be the right thing for Europe. 
So can you talk a little bit about why fragmenting North America, yet consolidating Europe at the same time, those are both the right strategies when they -- I don't want to say they're diametrically opposed, but at least they appear to be somewhat in conflict with each other.  Thank you. 

Question_13:

          Okay. If I can just ask a follow-up, I guess you talked about local touch with the smaller local bottlers in the US, then you also talked about local touch in Europe.  And I guess, again, just to play devil's advocate here, aren't you moving away from the local -- I realize you are going to try and keep some of the local pieces through the new bottling entity, but it seems to me that's moving less local. It sounds like you're trying to have it both ways. 
I guess I'm just not following why one is so dramatically better than the other? Is it just simply the smaller account piece on the US side that creates the difference here? 

Question_14:

          Hi, good morning. 

Question_15:

          Muhtar, I wanted to circle back on the comment that you made  about the health of the US LRB category. Clearly that's apparent on the still side of the business.  But as I look at the syndicated data for carbonated beverages in the United States, it does look like the category is softening a bit.  And I think your revenues were down three out of the last four months. So I was hoping you could comment on the evolution of the US CSD side and demand elasticities and how they're evolving, please. Thank you. 

Question_16:

          Good morning. Thank you very much. I was wondering if I could ask you about the recent vote in Mexico. It looks like there's a proposal to reduce the tax on soda by about half on products with five grams of sugar or less per 100 milliliters. First, I was wondering what you thought about the prospects of that? If you could give us any clarity on what percentage of your portfolio that would cover? 
And then if we just think about it from a high level, and maybe, James, you could give us some color for a number of these markets. If we look at the Mexican soda tax as a template for the rest of the world, does this suggest any tempering of how some of the regulatory authorities are looking at the category broadly speaking? Thank you. 

Question_17:

          Thanks. Just a quick question on Asia. Perhaps you can provide a little bit of context. It looks like that business may not be performing as well as you would like broadly speaking. Is this a portfolio issue? Can you just talk a little bit about what's going on across that region, so we can just think about that as we go into 2016? 

