Answer_1:

          Good morning, Bill.

Answer_2:

          Great, thanks

Answer_3:

          Yes, thanks Bill. Ever since I took over as CEO, I've always emphasized the importance of our franchise model. One of my clear priorities was to accelerate growth in our biggest profit pool, the United States. We bought the business of CCE US operations with that goal in mind. When you think about it, now we've been able to prove to ourselves we can accelerate the business in North America. We've had the best year in 2015. You saw the results from the quarter.
These results show our strategic focus on driving consumption of smaller package sizes is continuing to pay off. Transactions are growing. Price mix is healthy. Bringing those two things together, both the goal of going back, returning to our core model, which we've always emphasized -- even the first time we announced the purchase of CCE's US operations, we said there will be a role for partnerships going forward, as soon as we can put some things right.
We have got the three legs of the stool in place: the customer governance, production governance, and the IT platforms. We feel very confident. We have proven to ourselves that we can do it, and we feel very confident that this is the time. The new model is established, bottler performance is improving. We have a new structure to last us the next number of decades, and we've put the bottlers -- we're putting our bottlers in the right hands. As Kathy said, the bottlers a very healthy, and thanks to the great leadership and capability of our Bottling Investment Group.
Yes, we are now going to the core. This is the time, and we feel very confident that we can do the two things together -- accelerate momentum and bring the franchising to a bookend that really we feel is going to be very beneficial, both to our Company, our share owners, as well as leading to better customer service and better value creation on the bottler side. It's really a win-win from all those perspectives, Bill.

Answer_4:

          Good morning, Bonnie.

Answer_5:

          Sure, Bonnie. I'll say a few words, and then I'll let Kathy and James comment, too. I'll say that certainly we have the proof point in the United States. Our Chinese business, for example also, is giving us great -- has great momentum, gaining share, and growing in that difficult environment, if you look at the quarter, if you look at the full-year results. The capability that has been put into place in all of our expanding bottlers everywhere is really giving us the confidence.
Also, just look at the momentum of the business. Our revenue growth was a priority. We've got it up to the 4% to 5% range. The increased marketing is working, clearly. Now better marketing is even going to enhance that. At the same time, we feel that every time the territory has transitioned, it's actually continued to do well, continued to gain share, continued to drive momentum, continued to drive incremental transactions. From that, any of the territories in the last four, five quarters that have been transitioned, we've seen without exception that to be holding true.
If you look at all these bottlers that we re-franchised, look at the performance of our German bottler. It really has the greatest momentum and the confidence of Europe right now. All of these bottlers are going in to a system, to a structure, to an architecture, to a geography that will continue to do even better when you combine it and when you create the synergies with the combination. We feel confident.
What took a little while to get right was the governance model around production in the United States, the governance model around the IT platform, the governance model around the customer service. All those are in place and working well. I'll hand over to James to add some flavor to that and more details, and then Kathy can comment also on your questions related to the financial aspect of the cash.


          Bonnie, let me add one thought to what Muhtar's laid out there on we've been fixing and building and we're finding the right partners. A simple way of looking at why it's working is there's just more people coming to the table saying we want to be partners. Our existing partners want more territories, and new people who aren't in the system want to get into the system. They are seeing we fixed the business and we've built momentum, and so there's a lot of heightened interest in being part of a growing Coke system, particularly in North America.


          Okay, Bonnie I think the last part of your question you asked about the incremental dilution and the impact of that, as helping with the impact of that. For 2016 we gave you the impact. For 2017 we are doing several things, because we know you all have lots of questions about 2017. We are going to provide revised operating segment financial information later in the quarter.
At CAGNY, we're going to give you a look at what to anticipate the business will look like after everything is finished in 2018, because the actual dilution depends really on the timing of these transactions. The best way we can give you some indication of that is really to help you understand what our business will look like when everything is said and done in 2018 and beyond, which is what we're going to try to do at CAGNY. I would ask you just hold off on that, and more to come on that.
On your question about cash, we -- the cash will basically go into basically our capital structure and be part of our normal mix. At this point, no Board-level decisions have been made. We anticipate these proceeds will be used to strengthen our balance sheet.

Answer_6:

          Thanks, Dara. As I mentioned, we're pleased with our market-share performance, value share gains across the world. I'll let James highlight some details on that.


          Yes, thanks Muhtar. Dara, let me give you a quick run around the world in terms of share. Firstly, on an overall global basis, perhaps consistent with our strong fourth quarter, we gained a little more share in the fourth quarter than we had in the whole year, so a better performance at the tail end.
In terms of how that played out across the world, you see again in line with the volume performance, strong results in North America. We gained share in sparkling, we gained share in still, and we gained share overall in the quarter and in the year. Good momentum in North America coming through in share.
In Europe we're gaining share in sparkling and in stills. Given our different starting point, that's netting out to being flat overall; but we've got a strong growth in Europe as we build our stills business. Latin America, this is a long-term track record of success, so small gains there, building on a long history of building a great position.
Eurasia, despite some of the volatility in that part of the world we gained share in both sparkling and stills, and overall pretty strong momentum there in terms of share. Then in Asia-Pacific we focused more on re-staging and re-energizing the sparkling business where we're gaining share. We lost a little bit in stills and overall flat. I think wherever you look around the world, we're largely flat to gaining, so inconsistent with our volume growth, which is broad-based and across the world, we're also larger winning across the world.
In terms marketing pay-back, what you are seeing is there is results in the marketing pay-back. Our revenue in 2015, organic revenue growth in 2015 was better than 2014. We're guiding for a good number that's ahead of 2015 in 2016. We see the marketing pay-out beginning to build the momentum globally.
I think if you double down on that one and look under that, North America was one of the first places we started with the incremental marketing, and that's self-evidently building momentum. We see the underlying business results coming through in revenue very much tied to where the extra media money is going.
In terms of macro outlook and risk to top line, I think we feel we got underlying structural momentum in the business. Now when I said the macro, we are planning on the macros slightly better in 2016, and I really do mean slightly. I wouldn't be surprised if that was the same growth rate in 2015. But we think we have the right portfolio and the rate optionality to be able to deliver our financial numbers in that environment.

Answer_7:

          For 2017, we are also fully hedged on our major currencies. Obviously the emerging market currencies are the ones where you can't really hedge more than a quarter or so out. Obviously we have done nothing on the emerging market currencies. On the hard currencies we are hedged at rates slightly worse than in 2016. There will be a slight impact, but it's not -- I wouldn't think it would be terribly significant.

Answer_8:

          The gross margins in the fourth quarter impacted by the six fewer days, and the currency and then the structural impact. If you take all that out, basically, we had good growth margin expansion in the fourth quarter and for the full year.
For the balance sheet, basically as we've got so much cash that's outside of the United States, we are taking a little bit more of a conservative approach with our balance sheet. It was just more prudent to manage with the longer-term maturities than with short-term maturities. We still have a robust portfolio of commercial paper. We're just balancing that out differently.

Answer_9:

          Yes, basically it's going to be on the interest expense line. I think we're expecting much more interest expense given the rate changes, but also the longer-term maturities are also causing more interest expense.

Answer_10:

          Brett, I think if you look at our overall for the whole year and as well for the quarter our price mix globally, you can see that has improved. As was mentioned, part of the reason for that is we're beginning to see the results of increased marketing play through, as well as our packaging strategies and mix management. Coupled with that, the value share gains, which is even more pleasing, given that we're able to get healthy pricing in our business and in our markets around the world. I will let James comment in terms of Europe and Japan, and what's being seen in some of those developed markets, in addition to the United States. Okay?


          Yes, thanks Muhtar. I think firstly it's important to remember, starting with Europe, that our price positioning in Europe, we have over time substantially taken a lot of rate and mix in Europe, such that we are more premium priced compared to our competitors than we are in North America -- less runway in that sense.
Now having said that, we continue to focus on smaller packages, more premium offerings in terms of the brand portfolio, such that despite what is a pretty deflationary retail environment in a number of western European markets, we're getting price mix in Europe, both in the quarter and for the full year. I think going out one should not expect the same levels the US has been able to develop, especially given the macro environment in Europe at the moment.
In terms of Japan, we are very focused on rebuilding our ability to get positive price mix in Japan. We've recently been able to get some. Again, very focused on leveraging both packaging options and the brand portfolio to re-shape it to allow us to drive positive mix. Again, I don't think you will see in Japan the same sorts of levels as the US, as much as anything to do with the deflationary pressures in Japan. But we are starting to see chances of a better pricing environment in Japan.

Answer_11:

          Good morning, Bryan.

Answer_12:

          Certainly. We will lose about $500 million of productivity, primarily out of cost of goods sold. Again, we are committed to making up that lost amount, and we're going to make it up between cost of goods sold, operating expenses, and DME.

Answer_13:

          Well, we always said we were going to continue to look for additional productivity opportunities, and we have done just that. We've learned a lot about our costs as we have continued the programs -- ZBW, as well as other cost-optimization programs. Basically we've looked end to end, and we were able -- we saw additional opportunity, and we're going to take it.

Answer_14:

          No, I think it will be captured by the system.


          We're even hoping they can find additional areas, Bryan, to even increase that going forward. Part of the whole plan around the production governance is also to ensure that we can actually lever and pull more synergies out of our production system in the entire template of North American production. Yes, the answer is a definite yes.

Answer_15:

          That's right.

Answer_16:

          Sure. Let me start with the price mix in Asia-Pacific. I think the most important thing to know here is because the different geographies in the Asia-Pacific group have quite different pricing, and concentrate shipments can be lumpy, you do get some erratic price mix numbers on a quarterly basis. That's exactly what you're seeing in the fourth quarter in Asia-Pacific. There were more shipments to somewhere like India than Japan.
You can actually see the flip side of this in the Eurasia group, where we get very strong price mix in the fourth quarter, which was the flip side. We had more shipments to places like South Africa than the Middle East. This is all about country mix. I think it's important for particularly those two groups, Asia-Pacific and Eurasia, to look at some longer-term four-quarter trend line on price mix, given the very impactful country mix issue, and the lumpiness of concentrate shipments. That's the key thing there.
In terms of China, clearly not as much as we would have liked to have grown in China in the first quarter. I think that the environment in China is pretty clearly having slowed down. But we think we had a strong momentum over the last couple of years coming back into China. We're looking to do better in 2016, but we don't actually provide country-based forecasts. What I would say, however, is we're continuing to do very strongly in terms of share, particularly in sparkling, as we have re-energized that business.

Answer_17:

          Yes, Steve. Related to juice and hot-fill and stills, stills continues to perform very well in North America for us. The template for stills production is completely different in terms of how it's configured to cold-fill. Therefore -- and juice is an integrated business.
Given those aspects, we intend that for the future to not change the structure related to both hot-fill as well as to juice and our food service business all will remain as integrated in that respect. They're doing very well, and we feel they add value to the overall structure of North America. They're an important strategic part of how we move forward and continue to make increase momentum in North America.
India -- look, you saw that number. Given all these changes we're announcing, basically if you brought it back to 2015 the total bottling assets that we would have under our management and on our balance sheet would actually go down from 18% of the total mix globally to about 3%. Yes, India there are opportunities in other parts of the world remaining, but it's a very small template based on where we are. We'll look at opportunities.
As James said earlier, one of the litmus tests I've always said, one of the great litmus tests for the health of the Coca-Cola business is the desire of investors and franchise partners to have more territory -- that's at an all-time high. Remains that -- we expect that to remain high, and therefore there may be other opportunities in the remaining geographies. But I can't comment on that any further right now.
Then I'll pass it over to James to take you through the longer-term question on portfolio stills versus sparkling, and then Kathy the question of 4% , 5% organic growth volume versus price. James?


          Sure. Look, I think our aspiration is to have both of them growing, both sparkling and stills. That's what we achieved in the fourth quarter and in the full year of 2015. Now I think in a total portfolio sense, much in the same way it's happened over the last decade or so, we've gone from about 10% of the portfolio being stills to roughly 25% of the portfolio being stills. I think mathematically the stills will grow as a percent of total portfolio.
I would note, as Muhtar commented earlier, I think we need to break out the stills, and not just look at them as one thing, but look at them in terms of their individual categories. We gained share in packaged water. We gained share in juice and juice drinks. We gained share in energy, and we gained share in ready-to-drink tea. We think we can do well in each of the categories that represent non-alcoholic ready-to-drink.
In particular, we can still grow sparkling. That growth of sparkling into the future is not just in aggregate; but I think over the long-term we will see increased growth of low-, no-, and reduced-calorie variants. I know that's not the case yet in North America, but globally in our international business, those drinks out-grow the regular drinks within sparkling, and they're fueling our growth, so broad-based growth.


          Okay. On your question of 4% to 5% organic growth, volume versus price mix, we expect that to be balanced, volume versus the price. As you know, we have the strategy where we are now focused more on net revenue and segmenting our markets, and we're focused on price realization. We do anticipate that strategy will continue, and that will be a balance between both volume -- and we will achieve a balance between both volume and price.
As advertising and promotions -- in 2014 we announced this program. We said $800 million to $1 billion that we would invest. We are still going to invest -- continuing to invest behind our brands on that program, although we're also going to start investing in R&D. Basically, we're still on our program we announced back in 2014, so you will continue to see investment in marketing slightly above gross profit.

Answer_18:

          Well Ali, let me start with the last first. When we announced the acquisition of CCE, it was essentially a 25-year-old problem. We said it would take a while to basically course-correct. The level of investment was not where it was needed. Also, the level of customer service was not where it was needed.
Essentially, we believe that having more than just one bottler essentially having that big a territory was a better way -- scalable-size bottlers, right ownership values, right structure and right capability. That's what we have today in North America. We feel very good that this is a model that is going to stay where it is and continue to add value. It's not going to require any further -- all the time they'll be tweaking necessary, but not the scale that was needed when we did the transaction back at the end of 2010. That was a core decision that was needed. There was a major surgery that was needed, and that's really what took place.
As far as the juice business is concerned, as I said before, it's an integrated business. It basically performs well as an integrated business, similar to other juice businesses that we have around the world. It's a very different model, it's a very different production, it's a very different growth to table model, and requires a different way in terms of its distribution, especially when it's chilled. That's really where a lot of the growth is in value-added dairy.
That's what you see, whether it's in Fairlife or that's what you see whether it's in juice. It's a very distinct production model, very different, as well as the hot-fill is also the same. Same within a sense in Europe, the same with many parts of the world. [Kukustevayey] is also very similar in terms of the way it's produced. That is just a needed aspect for success and for performance in the hot-fill and juice business -- very different. To your other question related to dilution from franchising, maybe I'll pass it over to Kathy.


          Certainly. We've given you guidance for 2016. 2017, it totally depends on timing. We plan to give you more information to help with that, with your modeling, between CAGNY and what we will give you before the end of the quarter. It's all based on timing. In 2018, you asked when will we grow out of this. The program -- we plan to complete the program by the end of 2017, so 2018 we are out of it.


          Yes, and our long-term outlook -- just to add for the industry -- remains very positive, Ali. Our system is extremely well positioned to take advantage of this. We're going to be a much more focused Company. We're going to be building brands, leading the system, and driving new growth platforms. Our core business will have attractive growth going forward, in terms of ROIC, free cash flow, and so forth. We're very confident and very excited about where the Company is going from that aspect.

Answer_19:

          Basically, 2018 obviously we will be -- there will be some dilution effect because of the -- we have -- the base hasn't been totally adjusted by that time. Once we get the base adjusted, short of other structural impacts -- which will not be North America re-franchising, obviously -- but other structural impact, we will have quote gone through that re-franchising impact.
Now we do have some residual costs that will come out, as I said, throughout 2016, 2017. There will be a little bit left in 2018. Certainly by mid to late 2018 even the residual costs will be gone. I think once the base is reset, short of other types of structural impacts, we will have transitioned through that.

Answer_20:

          Ali, it's James here. Look, I think in the US business we did reasonably well in growing Coke Zero, or getting Coke Zero back to flat, and there's still a decline in Diet Coke. I think the bigger picture is in the 80% of our business which is the international business, the diets and lights and Coke Zeros out-grew Coke Classic. We're seeing broad-based growth outside the US of those Coca-Cola variants. That's what gives us the belief that in the long term we will be able to turn around the business also in the US.


          To finally add on that, Ali, also with our recently announced one-brand approach to marketing trademark Coke, we are extending the strong brand equity of Coca-Cola across the trademark to offer consumers more choice, and to also better promote our great-tasting diet and light portfolio, which is going to no question help. I think that's going to also help us with the stability that is the target. I'll just leave it at that.

