Question_1:

          Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 

Question_2:

          Good morning. As I look at your revenue performance this quarter, it highlights a concern that maybe the portfolio was still a little too CSD-heavy, despite some of the great results on the non-carb side. You've talked about -- James talked about this at CAGNY, 5% NARTD dollar growth longer term. 
But given the fact you guys still under-indexed on the non-carb side that's providing really the majority of the growth in both dollars and volume for the category, don't you need to further accelerate the shift in the portfolio away from CSD, sparkling into non-carb? Is there a way to move that faster? On top of that, obviously the weakness in the CSD side this quarter with flat volumes, what do you think is really the right volume number on the CSD side going forward that gets you to your algorithm? Thank you. 

Question_3:

          Great, thanks. Good morning. Maybe sticking with the top line, I just want to better understand where you expect to source top-line acceleration from over the remainder of the year, against a difficult macro environment, and increasingly difficult year-over-year compares. I get that you were probably closer to 4% organic growth this quarter excluding the calendar shift and the price mix drag of BIG, but BIG will be with you over the balance of the year. In that context, is there truly enough in your control to have confidence in sequential improvement, or are you expecting the macros to improve? Along side all that, is it fair to say you're guiding us more towards the lower end of 4% to 5% at this point versus the mid-point? 

Question_4:

          Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Question on North America. We now have the filings you've given us, and we can therefore see the level of profitability here in CCR, which is pretty low. I think when you back out the numbers, you get a 2% operating margin. I'm sure there's some accounting matters in there that this isn't the forum to go into, but it does raise the question of what really has been going on in terms of profitability for CCR here in North America. 
Could we -- if you think it's appropriate, I think it would be helpful to talk a little bit about the trends in that business as you have seen them, now that we're seeing a level -- the margin I'm getting is a 2% operating margin. Can you talk a little bit about the trends and what you think they reflect? It certainly speaks well to what you get left behind, if you will, but it raises questions about what someone might pay for that kind of business? 

Question_5:

          Hi. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to go back and tie a couple of comments that have been made about the effect that BIG had on organic sales growth for the quarter. I want to make sure I understand it correctly. If we look at sales excluding BIG and we add back the extra -- the effect of the extra day, organic sales growth was around 4%, is that correct? 

Question_6:

          Thank you, good morning. One of the markets where you point out you're taking more actions is Europe, and certainly from a top-line perspective, continues to be a pretty challenging market -- deflationary pressure there. I wanted to get a little bit more color. Really, what are some of the more tangible actions that we can see? How much dollars are really going in, in terms of the marketing investments that we should expect to see some of that improvement really coming through, and how long that would take as you think about for the balance of the year? 

Question_7:

          Hi, good morning. I wanted to delve a bit more into the Asia-Pacific pricing number in the quarter, a negative 5%. Can you run through how much of that was due to geographic or product mix or other factors, and thoughts going forward in the remainder of the year on if that pricing pressure will moderate, and how mix should trend in that segment? 

Question_8:

          Hi, guys. I'm still getting a lot of skepticism from investors about the 4% to 5% organic revenue growth target for the year. Openly, you don't sound 100% confident, and it feels likes there's a lot of kind of messiness and moving parts. Can you try again? Can you talk about what specifically you're seeing right now that gives you confidence in the 4% to 5% organic sales growth for the year? Clearly whether it's a 3% or a 4%, you delivered a 3% in some sense this quarter, so you're below pace. 
Maybe in that you can tackle what you expect Eurasia, Africa to get to, why do you expect it to get better? Europe, you mentioned you're going to invest more and you hope that to get better, but we've sometimes heard that before. Why is it going to be better in Europe? 
Then maybe as a jumping-off point as well, you can talk about what you're learning in North America, because that seems to be doing better for sure. A footnote, I'm not quite sure where you grow organically North America, because you want us to add 3 points back for concentrated sales up to unit case sales for one day missing. I'm not quite sure how to get there, so some explanation would be great. But just more specifics, very clearly on what gives you the confidence in your top-line target for the year? Thanks. 

Question_9:

          Thanks. The re-franchising that you announced today includes the creation of a new bottler from outside the industry. You have spoken a lot about the collective willingness of your existing bottlers to invest and a desire for more territory. Can you help us understand why you went outside of the existing system for this re-franchising? Is there something you're seeing from other new bottlers that makes this more appealing to you guys? 

Question_10:

          Hi, good morning. Can you guys give us a little bit more granular bridge on the gross margin decline this quarter, and then maybe some broad-stroke outlook for the rest of the year? I know the comps get easier as the year progresses, but it would be really helpful to aggregate the FX impacts, some of the re-franchise impacts, then what you're thinking for the rest of the year? 

Question_11:

          Thanks, good morning. Question, how much of the slow-down in the top line in the quarter was macro slowing in the NARTD category versus execution? You spoke to share gains in both stills and sparkling, so it would certainly seem to be broader slowing in the category? 
Then of course there's been a lot of discussion on the top line. It would seem like the lower end of your 4% to 5% organic sales outlook would be prudent at this point. A follow-up question on that. How much visibility do you have on productivity and other levers to deliver the high end of the ES growth guidance range, should you come in toward the lower end on the top line? Thank you. 

Question_12:

          Thanks, good morning. Can you just -- 

Question_13:

          Talk a little bit more about, now that you've unveiled the one-brand packaging -- I guess it's being launched in Mexico -- expectations for that, and maybe what you've learned as you've tested it out? I say that just -- I understand it's certainly going to be more efficient from an advertising, marketing front on the one brand strategy, but didn't know if you expected a sales lift, or if there's been any confusion from consumers as they have seen it? Thoughts as we've started to launch that? 

Question_14:

          Hi. Good morning, everyone. 

Question_15:

          Thank you. 

Question_16:

          Good morning. 

Question_17:

          I was hoping we could talk a little bit more about the health of brand Coca-Cola. In your press release, you called out softness either around the total brand family or trademark Coca-Cola in a number of geographies. While I appreciate that you have a lot of new initiatives between Taste The Feeling and new packaging, in the past you guys have said that it does take time for some of those advertising initiatives to actually gain traction and show up in brand health and volume. How should we think about the trajectory of trademark Coca-Cola as you roll out these new initiatives, please? Thank you. 

Question_18:

          Great, thank you very much. I wanted to follow up on the questions on the one-brand strategy, and specifically ask when you look at let's say the full implementation of that two, three years from now, do you think the benefit will be 50/50 between cost savings and efficiency and greater demand? How do you see that breaking out? Specifically, also in terms of the answer to the prior question on that, how exactly is this strategy helping drive trial and availability for Coke Zero? Thank you. 

