Question_1:
Thanks, good morning, everyone. So just a quick question for me on the refranchising. Now that you have kind of gone through the process, and we're getting toward the end of getting all of the announcements out of the way, can you give us any early indications on kind of what the growth delta has been in the markets that have been refranchised versus not? 
And then also wanted to get some context on what is going on in Western Europe, obviously with the CCE integration going on there, have you seen any disruption? And if you think that will start to phase out over the coming quarters. Thanks. 

Question_2:
Hey, good morning. 

Question_3:
Developed market volume growth outperformed emerging marks in the quarter, that is fairly unusual. I was hoping you could give us a bit of a review in the emerging markets. You obviously had a number of cautionary notes in the prepared remarks, but are you seeing any signs that the macros may be close to bottoming here, or are things pretty tenuous? 
And more importantly, as we look out to 2017 and beyond, do you think the year to date trends are more of a new normal, or is there hope that with easier comparisons and some of the strategy adjustments have you made, we can start to see emerging markets rebound closer to historical levels? 

Question_4:
A couple of quick questions. The first one is how do you get 3% organic in the quarter from 1 and 1? Was volume better? Or price/mix better? I know they both probably rounded but I was just curious. 
And then the second question is, the inflationary pricing in Latin America, is that mostly currency pass-through or is there sort of real price realization in the market and kind of what happens into next year if these spot rates hold when some of the currency cross rates are to ease a little bit? Thanks. 

Question_5:
Thanks, good morning. I would like to actually go back and focus on the stills versus sparkling portfolio changes, James, you referenced in your prepared remarks. Correct me if I'm wrong, I think your level portfolio still skews, at least 70/30 toward sparkling but as you look forward, I am curious as to what percentage of your growth you expect will come from traditional sparkling versus still, I am guessing it is probably not 70/30, but is it 50/50 or some other split you could frame for us? 
And more importantly, do you think your growth investments today are in line with the distribution? In other words, if it is 50/50, for example, are your incremental growth investments aligned with that? Or is there still a legacy skew toward sparkling that might need to be rethought. 
I think from the outside there is still a perception -- right or wrong -- that your incremental investments are a bit over indexed towards core CSDs versus their future value contribution and I was hoping you could help clarify your thinking around that. Thanks. 

Question_6:
Hi could I just ask you, something, whether you could talk a little bit about the key qualities that are you looking for in a new bottler partner in Africa. Any particular experiences or qualities that you are looking for? 

Question_7:
Thank you. Good morning. 

Question_8:
I was actually hoping you could give us a little more detail on your stills portfolio in North America. You reported high single digit growth in Vitamin Water and then solid results in Smart Water, but your still portfolio only grew 2%, so curious what has been the drag there? And then do you expect some of the innovations that you mentioned to drive growth in your stills portfolio back up towards the mid or even high single digit range? 

Question_9:
Hey, guys, I would just like a little bit of your perspective on two markets, kind of at the extremes of maturity right now for you guys. So first on North America, which obviously remains a key concern when I talked to investors, just given the views of consumer preferences, but North America is doing pretty well, pretty robust, stable growth, and 3% organic sales growth, you know, good volume, relatively good volume, relatively good price/mix. 
And what is working well for you in that market? Is it price and pack architecture? Stills? Better marketing? I'm assuming it's all that stuff? And what are you learning from that, that might work for similar geographies like Western Europe or Japan? Should we expect kind of in those markets a little bit of a similar ramp-up as we are seeing in North America? 
And then as the other extreme, can you tell us a little bit more about the China rebound so to speak. I know you mentioned weather there, clearly the weather must have helped, but can you give us a sense of what you think the underlying growth is? Has the market gotten any better? Clearly you have worked through thanks to weather some of your destocking issues. But I want to get a better sense of China at the other extreme. Thanks for your time. 

Question_10:
Hi, good morning, everyone. 

Question_11:
Can you give us an update on the Philippines?  In listening to the Coca-Cola FEMSA results last night, it sounds like volumes are up there, margins are improving, it is one of those markets  where it has been sort of a long-term project to get that turned around. Could you just give us a sense of sort of you with you feel  the Philippines are at this point, and maybe what have you done to improve things there. 

Question_12:
Good morning. 

Question_13:
If we look back, we have seen you implement a pretty significant cost savings program. What I think we would describe as accelerated or accelerating M&A activity in your bottling system yielding synergies. 
And now there is talk in the system of looking outside and seeking efficiencies in Japan. Are there more innovative ways that are you open to, to help the system find funds to be more competitive? 

Question_14:
Thanks, good morning. 

Question_15:
Just wanted to follow up, back on Steve Power's question.  There is definitely a noticeable kind of increase in talk about the still growth and investment in the last conference and on the call today. And just trying to understand -- I mean I certainly understand there is an opportunity, but what that means for margins as we move, especially gross margins going forward, because I think it is still much lower gross margin; and so you expect margin degradation? Or has the mix of business, with tea or higher [intake] products offset so as we look at kind of 2018, '19, we don't see that kind of margin degradation? 

Question_16:
Thank you, good morning. I wanted to go back to China and ask a couple of follow-ups. So one is within the 2% growth in China, can you talk about sparkling versus still? 
And then I think, James, we are seeing certainly in that market, the premiumization is one of the key trends and just wanted to get a sense of how big you think that premium segment within NARTD in China is, and what the growth rate is and kind of what you are doing to sort of tackle that consumer preference. 
And separately, Kathy, the structural impact obviously the fourth quarter is still a pretty big headwind. Is there any color you can give us as we think about 2017, sort of how much the structural impact kind of lingers into 2017 and maybe even 2018? Thanks. 

