Answer_1:
Thank you.

Answer_2:
Sure. Good morning, Brian. A couple of thoughts there. Over the long term we said we are looking for a balance between price and volume, or price mix and volume, and that's certainly our long-term objective.
Now, given what's happening I think it's almost as you said, it's easier to divide the world into the developed and the emerging markets. In the developed countries, we are looking to drive, probably a little more price than volume and you can see that happening in the US marketplace as we focus on smaller packages, as we focus on higher value categories or subcategories. So, you see that across North America, Western Europe is a little more balanced and similarly into Japan. So, that's our approach for developed markets.
In the emerging markets, obviously over the long term, we expect them to be a bigger source of underlying volume growth and that will bring the total Company equation into balance. So they would be more volume driven and less price driven. Now what's happening is in some of the markets, say for example, a Brazil, where the macros are really under pressure, I mean GDP over the last three years in Brazil has probably declined by more than it did in the great recession or the lost decade of the 80s.
So there what we focus on is in any moment we will do those promotional things that make sense and return. So we don't over protect volume. We do what makes sense on a quarterly or monthly basis and the principal access we act on is trying to reform the packaging strategy to make it more affordable. Whether that be smaller one-way packaging or more returnable packages backed up by good marketing, that really empathizes with the economic situation the consumers are in, and obviously great execution by the bottling system.
So net-net, likely over time developed markets will get more price mix and slightly less volume and in the emerging markets more volume and slightly less price mix, with that caveat that those markets that struggle, we have a game plan that we've developed over the years and that we find helps us really build a good, strong consumer franchise going forward and balances the short-term.

Next question please.

Answer_3:
Thank you

Answer_4:
Sure. Well, I think you saw lots of flow-through actually in the fourth quarter. Operating income, currency neutral ex-structure, was up 18% off of gross profit of 8% so there was 10 points of leverage, so we got a lot of leverage coming through.
The reason I didn't translate from operating income to PBT, is more of those other factors like interest or other corporate items. The underlying operation, actually when I talk about PBT growing at 8% in 2016 and what we've guided in 2017, actually, the underlying operating income performance is actually even better than that. And then we've got a bit of a headwind in interest in some of those other items.
So there's actually a lot of leverage coming through from the operation as we focus on segmented revenue, as we focus on higher value categories, as we focus on smaller packages, we are getting a lot of operating leverage between that revenue line and the operating income line. Some of its getting netted off in the headwind. So, it is there.
In the fourth quarter, just to make the point, 6% is not projectable going forward. You will see in the numbers, for example, we were cycling a big negative in Asia from Pacific from last year so we've got a big positive this year. We had some very good results in improvements where we own bottling operations like China which was very -- much weaker in the first half.
So there's some oddities in the fourth quarter. I would encourage everyone to look at maybe the full-year 2016, look through to the core operation where we were drawing at 4%, 8% PBT, bear in mind some interest headwinds as a higher operating income growth, lots of leverage. This is the game plan for 2017.

Answer_5:
Good morning

Answer_6:
Sure. Of course I'll save some things for CAGNY. Let me start with the sparkling business is growing revenue. It grew revenue in 2015, it grew revenue in 2016, momentum's rebuilding. If you look at the US sparkling was up 1% in the fourth quarter in the US, in aggregate, in volume and obviously much more in revenue so there is the sparkling category is growing revenue.
Another piece under that just take a couple of examples, in this quarter and last quarter as well, total if you take the combination of Diet Coke, Coke Light, and Coke Zero, they came into robust growth in the back of the year. The growth of those all together, so no calorie colas exceeds the growth of -- sparkling actually exceeds the growth of our total portfolio in most of our other categories.
So, there's robust growth that we press into Zero sugar colas. We're getting the growth and in North America and some of the other places where we are pushing smaller packages we're getting the good growth. Smaller packages in the US grew almost 10% in the fourth quarter.
So, the game plan out there of smaller packages, Zero sugar, re-engagement with the sparkling category, is driving the revenue growth and we believe it will continue to do so and the shape and the quality of that, in terms of sustainability, is looking better over time. Obviously tuck-on M&A won't sparkling related, we've consistently done a few things each year, hopefully we'll do a few in 2017e will do those that make strategic sense, financial sense, and where we find willing partners.

Answer_7:
I'll start maybe and then, Kathy, if you feel like jumping in at any point let me know.

Okay

The 2017 3%, I think we see a similar year in 2017 in terms of macros that we did in 2016. And I think we are making a prudent call given everything that's going on in the world on a consolidated basis we are expecting a similar outlook and a similar number for the total Company. Obviously as Kathy said, we'd like to see the core business grow above that as we did in 2016 where the consolidated was 3% in the core was 4% which is at the bottom end of our range and then obviously lots of operating leverage. So, that's how we are seeing it, we just see the way the world is going.
In terms of 2018 obviously we are not providing guidance on 2018, we are just providing some of the elements that we know are important from a modeling perspective. So obviously 2018 conversation will have to wait. But we wanted people to understand the structural piece because obviously the timing of when we sell those transactions makes a big difference. And so as timing varies the structural adjustment can move backwards and forwards between 2018, so we just wanted to give people a total perspective. I don't know Kathy about number three. I'm not sure we have the thing in front of us, Ali.

The bridge of total structural versus what we shown at CAGNY. Part of what I think is a misunderstanding [stood in] structural adjustments, is particularly in this year we talk about the 5% to 6%. The two additional things you can factor in in your structural adjustments -- the CCR business is not standing still, it's continuing to grow, as well as the fact that they are taking out stranded costs.
Now, we think of stranded costs a lot like productivity, if you will, and so we have embedded those and that's why I said in my prepared remarks we have two points of productivity -- of two points of stranded costs that are coming out as well in our numbers. But the stranded costs are more like productivity and that they don't just transfer with the territories. There's work to do to get them out, and for some reason if they don't transfer, they are part of our business, and we have to do the work to get them out long-term.
So, the stranded costs, we treat that as part of the business and you can choose to net those or not to better understand the structural impact. But that's how they represent themselves in our numbers. And again we are not giving any other underlying growth guidance for 2018 at this point.

Answer_8:
Good morning.

Answer_9:
Good morning, Bill. James here. Firstly, the aggregate amount of marketing spend is slightly below [gross profit] you are correct. Now, what is super important to know, within that, is we will continue to increase what we would call working spend of the marketing ahead of revenue, but we are driving material productivity in the way we organize and produce the marketing to become much more efficient.
So, we are able to grow media, if you like, in all its different forms ahead of revenue, but with the extra productivity initiatives we are actually growing total spend less than revenue. That's how that dynamic is working. So we will be able to do much more in the marketplace in a more efficient way.
And then secondly, on Coke Zero Sugar, absolutely, you should expect us to move around the world things that are successful and that had a great start in GB in the backend of 2016, was growing double digits, very good start. We are rolling out in Europe, it's just launched in Australia, so you can absolutely expect us to push it into those markets where we think it can be really effective, including Latin America soon. So, absolutely and I think that is part of why you are now seeing the continued acceleration of Coke Zero sugar each year.
We grew several points faster in volume in 2015 than 2014 and we grew several points faster in 2016 than the rate we were growing in 2015. And as I said aggregate, no calorie colas, is in good mid-single digits growth as we exited the year.

Answer_10:
Thank you.

Answer_11:
Sure. Clearly there's a -- I'm not -- disconnect. The Nielsen universe is a much smaller piece of our total business. Obviously when you look at the aggregate of North America, fountain is very important to us, it's almost a third of the volume in North America and that's not going through Nielsen and obviously there's a lot of warehouse business there, where we sell some of the still categories directly.
But we have not deviated from our strategy. We talked on previous quarters that sometimes the pricing will be, at least -- the apparent pricing and Nielsen look a little softer or a little better. The important message is we have not changed our strategy. We continue to focus on realizing pricing intelligently and through packaging and pricing in the sparkling category and focusing on those bits of the other categories that we believe have value in terms of revenue and profitability. And so every now and again you will see this disconnect between Nielsen and our total results, but know that our strategy has not changed and we plan to continue to pursue it into 2017.
In terms of the other categories, absolutely we continue to innovate and invest there. I think the underlying trend is even better than it what it jumps out in the volume. Bearing in mind the strategy is to participate in those categories of the highest value to us, both in revenue and in terms of profitability.
So for example if you went to China and you looked at what was happening, some of the stills categories, maybe water, you'd see a growth rate of x, but what you don't see in the volume is actually, we are selling less of the cheap water and more of the higher value water as we cycle and re-innovate our business to drive the positioning and the premiumness through different brands and reset the way we attack some of these categories. We are after driving a consumer franchise that's about incidence of consumers, the number of times they drink our beverages, even if that's a smaller package, and about competing for value on the top and the bottom line.

Answer_12:
Yes, Nik, good morning. Absolutely North America's had a great run. The team's done a good job, the strategy's working. The numbers in 2015 in 2016 have put us at the top end of CPGs in terms of revenue growth with our customers. We are very pleased with that.
I think what you see in the North American strategy, which is absolutely what you should expect, is a fusion. And what I mean by that is things that they have done they have taken from other parts of the world successfully and they have blended it with new ideas and things that are relevant for the North American market. And that's what turned into the winning plan they put in place and they've executed and it's been doing well.
And so you should expect us always to be taking ideas from one place, applying the learnings in another place, and fundamentally, North America is a great example of where we reinvest marketing behind the right strategy and a balanced portfolio, with execution by the bottling system. And I underline there the importance of the execution by the bottling system and our own fountain and what wholesale business is during a time of tremendous change through the refranchising.

Answer_13:
Sure, I don't think it would be appropriate to comment on the M&A process of Bai so I'm going to skip that one, if I may. Refranchising in Africa, I think there's been a very robust process and I think the Management team of the bottler, both prior to the closing of the SAB transaction under ABI on the board as well and ongoing, the Management team has remained focused on doing the right things in the marketplace. So a creditable performance by the Management team in conjunction with the local business unit.
So we see no disruption there and I think everything is going well. The refranchising itself, as Muhtar commented, and as you've seen, we reached agreement with ABI at the close of last year and the rest of the process is ongoing, both from a regulatory process point of view and a selection and determination of the partner, from those that will be strongest and those that are interested.

Answer_14:
Thank you.

Answer_15:
Sure, I think the emerging markets is a very mixed bag. I mean there are some which are doing well, I called out some like Nigeria, which had a very strong year even in the close of the year, as the currency came under pressure. Places like Mexico -- there are a number of emerging markets, South Africa, which we did well in.
There are others where the macros were tough, whether that be Venezuela, very tough, Argentina, Brazil, and there we applied our strategies, a combination of what's the right tactical use of promotions to balance the system. We don't want to [do] scale but we don't want to over invest in promotions, while resetting the pack price architecture to really drive long-term affordability. It's very much a mixed bag across the world. Obviously India is something that a lot of people commented on, I'm not sure any more I can add on the India example.
In terms of China, I think China is a great example where you see us executing the game plan I talked about for Brazil. So, the China back end of 2015 coming into the first and the second quarters of 2016, was a very rough period for CPG, a rough period for beverages in China. We went for our game plan, exactly what I said about Brazil, we started to do some promotional things and then we reset some of the pack price architecture, we focused on the right package sizes, and the right brands, doing the marketing in the right way, and a reset of what was important in terms of execution, where you should execute in terms of channels and focus of the cities.
So, in the case of China, the markets are actually doing pretty well in the top tier cities. There was lots of growth, it looked more like the strategy of focus on the value end, focus on the premium end of the business, and then in the more rural and lower tier cities, really affordability and smaller package sizes. And then in the second half of 2016 China rebounded. We grew in both the third of the fourth quarter in volume terms and in revenue terms in China.
So the game plan worked, obviously it's not instantaneous, but we know what to do when markets get into trouble if we focus on understanding the consumer, understanding the customer, and getting organized as a system.

Yes, I'll just add one point just to complement what James said is that this was the 38th consecutive quarter for us in gaining value share -- 38th in NARTD. And in sparkling this was the 12th consecutive quarter of share gains. And then in North America, importantly, 27th consecutive quarter of share gains. So we continue to gain share as we implement this play-book that's really working and the business is getting stronger over a much, much bigger base than any one of our competitors going forward. I just wanted to add that.

Answer_16:
Good morning.

Answer_17:
Sure, Mexico, in all honesty, I'm not sure the Mexican consumers, in terms of what happened to the marketplace, the purchasing patents, really changed that much pre and post that date. I think the Mexican economy, there's been a lot of focus on it. There were the reforms, I think it's performed well and we have a great business in Mexico.
I think our system there has been innovating. It's truly one of the places where we've been most innovative and most creative across the total portfolio where we compete in almost every category and they've done a really robust job of building a good business. And I think that is what you see in the Mexico results and they continued to build on strong a 2015, with a stronger 2016. And I think it's a wonderful operation down there and they did a very creditable result and hopefully that will all continue into 2017. Certainly we think that our system is up to the challenge come what may in Mexico.
In terms of Brazil and India I think they are two very different examples. India, it's certainly a truly one-off event. The demonetization effectively drained liquidity. I don't think that's about price elasticity, I think that's about the shock to the circulation and liquidity.
Clearly we're of the view that a formalization of the economy helps the formal players and I think it will be good in the medium term and the long-term. We expect the short-term disruptions to [mitigate] or to tail off as we come into 2017, though not from January 1. And I think what we just need to see is some stabilization there, and we will be able to then come back and execute our game plan. So I don't think that's particularly about resetting everything we do in India, I think it's about working through the effects of this one-off demonetization.
Brazil is a different thing. Brazil I talked about. I think we saw -- we've taken quite a bit of pricing in Brazil over the end of 2015 in the beginning of 2016. I think the consumer environment got worse towards the end of the year in Brazil.
I know a number of the states in Brazil had trouble with some of the public employee payrolls going into the back of the year. So there was a reduction in the mass of consumer disposable income, perhaps more aggravated Q3 going into Q4. And I think there, the elasticity's and the effects of pricing did become worse.
The value of the promotions wasn't as good as perhaps the high-lows, it wasn't as good as it was at the beginning of the year or even in 2015. And I think that's what's caused us to do some things in the fourth quarter to balance pricing and volume, but to recognize we need to come in for 2017 with a more aggressive reset of the pack price architecture.
Given the circumstances in Brazil they're not likely to be completely fixed overnight. I think there's some focus on improving things and we expect Brazil to slowly get better but we are going to execute and implement a packed price. Reset some parts of it with the expectation that it will start to rebuild the business as the economics get a bit better.

Answer_18:
Good morning.

Answer_19:
Certainly, hi, Bill. So, this year the commodity environment was relatively benign and we anticipate that next year -- the same thing. As we said, next year will be largely the same as what we've seen in 2016. We do anticipate that with the refranchising that our exposure to commodities goes down significantly. As we talked about (technical difficulty) CAGNY. So there is a -- we will give you some more flavor of this in the modeling call but yes, there's a significant change in the impact to the Coca-Cola Company as it relates to commodity.

