Question_1:
Good morning everybody. And I just wanted to offer my congratulations and best of luck to both you, Muhtar, and to James.

Question_2:
I had a question James regarding price mix. And I guess as you're looking out over what the environment is like over the next couple of years, can you just talk a little about how you are balancing the desire to get some price mix in, with how you think about that relative volume? And also relative to affordability especially in some of the emerging markets where the consumer environment is still pretty tough.

Question_3:
Thanks. Just congratulations from me as well to both of you.

Question_4:
Just following on Bryan's question on price mix. When you have a great price mix quarter like you did here in Q4, I guess the question that is in my mind is why aren't we seeing more flow through to the bottom line because in a vacuum you'd think 5 or 6 points of price and mix would be significantly margin accretive.
So, is it the case that what may be mix accretive on the revenue line is actually margin or even penny profit dilutive on the bottom line? And I'm thinking here really around the structural shift from sparkling to stills, but perhaps some of the packaging changes and geographic shifts, in the balance of your overall business, may play a role as well. Can you just talk about that -- why we are not seeing more profit flow through on the price mix?

Question_5:
Good morning.

Question_6:
James, in your prepared remarks you touched on plans to reinvigorate sparkling growth. Can you give us more detail on where you think you stand currently in terms of the areas you mentioned? The fact that its a marketing shift to lower calorie products, et cetera and any big changes you are planning going forward to drive improved trends. And then you also mentioned tuck in M&A. So how big a role should we expect diversification into other subcategories to play out over the next few years for your Company? Thanks.

Question_7:
Hey guys, a couple questions on guidance, especially in the context, James, of your focus on EPS growth going forward. So, for 2017 very helpful in line with our thought process at least. Except, why only 3% organic sales growth?
For 2018, it seems like your EPS would be barely ticking up based on an assumption of high single digit, comparable currency neutral income growth before taxes -- so 2017-like, based to growth. So 2018 doesn't look like it's growing EPS very much at all. Does that sound right on 2018 and why? Or is your statement in the prepared remarks suggesting that, look in 2018, we are going to do things like incremental cost-cutting, we are going to do things to really grow the EPS?
And then I can't resist have to throw this one and as well, slightly different. But why does a total growth structural PBT headwind look like something like 9% to 11% versus what you said at CAGNY at 7.5%? Thanks for throwing all those. Thanks.

Question_8:
Good morning.

Question_9:
Could you guys just give a little more color on what sounds like a little bit lower advertising spending next year. I think you mentioned that in the prepared comments. Is it something that you realize that maybe the advertising efficiency isn't as much. And how that -- what the numbers are, is it going to be lower as a ratio and in dollars?
And then, it seems like there's probably a lot of initiatives you [need] to support next year also, like the plan with getting Coke Zero Sugar out, beyond Europe if that's also in the plan for next year. So I tried to wrap two questions in one but it's the absolute and ratio of advertising spend and the rationale for reducing it. And then if you do in fact plan to take Coke Zero Sugar to other markets outside of Europe. Thanks.

Question_10:
Thank you, good morning, And my congratulations to both of you as well.

Question_11:
First, just a follow-up on price mix specifically in North America. Obviously we've all learned that the Nielsen data is not perfect, but there seems to be a pretty big disconnect between -- particularly in the fourth quarter, where you got the 4% pricing versus the softer pricing that we've seen in the data. So if you could just elaborate on that as a follow-up. James, I'm just wondering if you can talk a little bit about how much of a priority in 2017 is really a shift towards stills. If I look at 2016 performance, 3% growth that you got in still, it seems like it could be much stronger in the context of a lot of the categories that seems to be growing at a faster rate. So can you just talk about either on the innovation front or investment front, how much of that focus where really -- that you look towards in 2017 on the still category.

Question_12:
Thanks and congrats guys from me as well. The question, James, is when we look at North America, numbers have looked pretty good relative to I think most people's expectations going back about a year and a half. A lot of initiatives that you have put in place have started in North America. So I'm just wondering if you can help us map out how to think about what's happening in North America and the applicability to the rest of the world? That would be helpful. Thank you.

Question_13:
Great, thank you very much. Two questions. To the extent that you are able to talk about, it I'd love to understand the thought process about not purchasing Bai which Dr Pepper ended up buying. It seemed to check a lot of boxes, is it the product, is it the timing any color on that?
And second, could you discuss whether all the refranchising, and particularly in Africa, has caused any disruptions in the business, any headwinds through that process, and a little bit more on the timing -- expected timing on Africa? Thank you very much.

Question_14:
Good morning and congratulations to both of you.

Question_15:
I was hoping you guys could drill down a little further on headwinds and the consumer in some of your key emerging markets. And then how has the overall category been performing in these markets? And, really, how has it been holding up given some of the headwinds and pressures on consumer spending and whether you are taking share? And then specifically in China, things seemed to reaccelerate in the second half last year. So could you guys talk a little bit more about current trends, whether that be near and then long-term outlook for China? Thank you.

Question_16:
Thanks. Good morning everyone, and my congratulations as well, James and Muhtar.

Question_17:
I wanted to, if we could do a tale of three countries here, James. And what I mean by that is Mexico -- your results, Diageo's results, Walmex, ANTAD retail data, it seems that the consumer is doing rather fine there. And of course there's a lot of concern about Mexico since November 8. In Mexico specifically, could you just give us a feel for what you are seeing in terms of broad consumer behavior since November 8?
And then with Brazil and India with the pricing you have taken some of it invisible if you will because of what you are doing with price pack architecture, what's the level of confidence you have in those markets that the elasticity that you experience will not be worse than what you've actually -- you have an adverse elasticity impact greater than what your models say.

Question_18:
Thanks. Good morning.

Question_19:
A quick question on commodities. Maybe I missed it, but the net exposure as we look forward for this year in terms of headwind/tailwind. And then also, maybe help me understand how that changes with the refranchising? Do you have less exposure to certain things or is it really unchanged?

