Question_1:

          Muhtar, congrats, and James, congrats again on your new roles. I guess a quick clarification, James, and then a broader question. Just on the clarification, just when you talked about the global macros, you sounded a bit more constructive. So I just wanted to get a sense, because we're hearing from a lot of companies, yes, January and February were tough, but March seemed to have improved not just in the U.S. but globally. So just wanted to get a clarification there. And the broader question is, as I'm out in the market and talking to the bottlers, there seems to be some concern regarding the focus outside of CSDs. Not that Coke doesn't need to do it, but there's just too much emphasis outside the CSD business where, in fact, the bottlers make 85% to 90% of the profit from CSDs. So when you speak to them, how do you reconcile that dilemma? Any context around that would be helpful.

Question_2:

          I think down at CAGNY and again today that you're focused on becoming even more of a total beverage company. But it seems like it'll be difficult to transform your revenue mix quickly or substantially from an organic standpoint. So, a, I was just hoping for any thoughts on how quickly you can shift the business mix over the next few years, maybe what your ultimate vision is, whether that's percent of sales mix outside of sparkling or mix in low-sugar products versus today. However you define it or however you think about the topic, I'll leave that up to you. And then second, how big a part do you think M&A will play? Because clearly, that's a way of more rapidly shifting your portfolio. And then within that M&A theme, Coke staying within beverages, I think, has been sacrosanct at the company historically. How open would you be or what are your thoughts on potentially acquiring outside of beverages?

Question_3:

          I mean, James, maybe you could just round that up by talking about the -- just firstly, the cost side of that organic growth push. Just sort of we talked a lot about the objective, which I think we all agree with, but what's the cost side? Will structural investments and growth in new categories have to accelerate? And if so, for how long? But my broader question was actually with respect to the leadership appointments and really the new operating model that you've announced over the last few months. Can you talk more about just how the day-to-day work is to be impacted and improved as a result, and specifically, what Francisco's role as Chief Growth Officer is going to look like, maybe how large his organization's going to be, how he's going to interface with the other group presidents, et cetera? Because I guess at some level, I've always thought of the CEO of Coke as the Chief Growth Officer. So maybe just talk about why separating that function out as a dedicated role, I think, at the group president level, is set up to structurally improve things?

Question_4:

          I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about Brazil. I know you've talked about addressing price/pack architecture and trying to hit key price points. But it just looks like the downdraft in Latin America has significantly worsened its quarter, and I know, again, you said better by the end of the year. But are these kind of tactical changes longer-term strategic changes in Brazil that you're making? And any kind of detail would really be helpful.

Question_5:

          So I do have 2 questions. One is on the cost savings. Excellent that it went up. Want to better understand the drivers of change. And I also want to better understand the drivers of the increase. But want to -- also want to better understand the long-term "value creation" that you mentioned as well as that at this point, we expect to "reinvest" at least half. Is that of the incremental? Or is that of the $3.8 billion total or $4.3 billion total? Is it of the $3.8 billion at least? Because you've cut about $2 billion so far. It sounds like it should be roughly on pace to that in short order at the very least. And almost all of that, I think, has been reinvested. So if you take almost 2 on a 3.0, that's already 1/2. So how much of what's going to be on the [ come ], so to speak, what's going forward will be reinvested? Is that going to be at least half? Or is that of the total program? So a very specific question on that. And then the second thing is around refranchising. And if you can talk a little bit about some of the potential delays that may happen in refranchising, if you see anything going forward that's very much on plan. And importantly, if you see the benefit so far of the refranchise territories from an improvement of performance perspective, volumetrically perhaps but even just overall top line. And we have heard on the order of 1 point as you move from company owned to non-company owned. So would love some inkling of that from your own experiences. Sorry for the 2.

Question_6:

          You specified the sales growth by cluster, and that's great to give us, I mean, some more granularity of where the growth is coming from. If I may, I mean, could you tell us more specifically what's your starting point by revenue, by cluster, by region? And also, what are your goals by cluster? And what will be the incentive for the new Chief Growth Officer to achieve those goals?

Question_7:

          So wanted to ask just a quick follow-up to earlier question about reinvestment, the $800 million, half of that going back to reinvestment. Just how would the nature of these reinvestments differ versus sort of the prior reinvestments that Coke has made, whether it's different categories or different activities? And just a little bit of color there would be great. And then on the price/mix in the quarter and North America sparkling up 1%, I think you called out some timing issues. So can you elaborate on how much of that was a factor? And as it relates to sort of the broader price/mix question, if you look at the clusters outside of sparkling, can you just talk about how much the price/mix plays a role in growing that -- those segments' revenues?

Question_8:

          Just one question. And I guess from our perspective, we get a lot of questions about the total beverage company model and kind of what it looks like going forward, and it's difficult to see with a lot of the moving parts in the business today. But I guess from our perspective, Western Europe is really the one market -- or it's one of the markets this year where you can really see it sort of in action. So, a, James, do you agree with that? And, b, can you maybe talk a little bit more about sort of your planning with the bottlers in Western Europe this year and sort of how it's -- this beverage -- total beverage company model has really sort of been different in the planning process now versus maybe prior years?

Question_9:

          James, I wanted to come back to some of the changes you've put in place, specifically with the new growth officer and 5 category clusters. The first question would be, when should investors expect to see tangible benefits from the new structure, understanding that the macro is very difficult and the company's skew towards sparkling? Or said differently, would you be disappointed if the company couldn't return to 4% core sales growth looking out to next year even if the environment doesn't change very much, including the macro? Or is this just more of an evolution of the strategy to deliver on the company's objectives? And then related to that, James, do you feel like the company has the right incentive structure in place internally for your leadership to balance the growth agenda with profit objectives? Or do you see any potential conflict that may exist there?

Question_10:

          One question, James. On the larger subject of cost cutting and whether it's $800 million or some added number a year from now or 3 years from now, could you just characterize how far you believe the organization has gone and might yet go in the area of budgeting costs, whether it's on a ZBB basis or some other basis, to help us understand how you think about the opportunity to do what you're doing today as a habit, so to speak, versus something you do day 1, so to speak, as a new CEO?

Question_11:

          A couple of quick questions. Number one, James, can you clarify your comments about M&A? You talked about bolt-ons are always in play. And then I think you didn't rule out if something larger or bigger came along, you would look at it. That's number one. And number two, from our retailers, we're hearing a lot more focus on pricing and maybe more promotion, private label. Are you hearing anything different from the retailers about price rationality that you have seen in the CSD category? Just rule out that, that's not at risk here in North America.

Question_12:

          Two questions. Within your clusters, can you talk about where you have scale or the ability to lift and shift a subcategory from one country or region to another, where you see the most work needed? And then maybe as a reference for us, can you talk about the evolution of profitability in juice as you build that out to a global leadership position?

