Answer_1:

          Yes. I think the -- we've said that we're going to manage the year, and we're going to try and pull into that balance the obvious building of the business over the long term. We have stated that we'd like to get out of the trend of declining EPS, which has been the last few years, and that we are going to invest where it makes sense. So we are constantly looking at where that places our momentum, and should we invest more, and we have done so. And we have increased our plans in the downhill in a couple of places where we see really good momentum and a good reason to invest for better results. But the world remains volatile, and there are places where the environment is better suited to affordability, to returnables, to adjustments. And where markets are, just frankly, under a lot of macro pressure, extra investment is not going to drive us very far. So we will continue to manage it with flexibility. We know that going forward, we'll have some of the money we're going to generate out of lean enterprise to look across the portfolio, but we're going to decide that on an ongoing basis.

Answer_2:

          Yes, sure. I think a couple of things. On an as-reported basis, you will indeed see an acceleration in the back half, principally because we have an extra day in the fourth quarter, and we had the less days in the first quarter. So I think as you look at the reported numbers, there will be some acceleration. Now underlying that and seeing it in its most simple sense of taking unit cases and price/mix, as you say, we did roughly 3 in the first quarter and roughly 3 this quarter. We're guiding to 3 for the rest of the year because frankly, the world has not changed. We are doing a lot of the right things in the places that are going well, and frankly, there are some of the ones that need to be fixed. But we don't see the world as improving rapidly, and therefore, we're not banking on that happening. And so we're more focused on doing what we know needs to be done and having a moderate view of how that's going to play out in the rest of the year. And I think the expectation for the downhill should be more of the same of what we've had so far this year, hopefully with some of those macro situations improving as we get towards the end.

Answer_3:

          Yes. So I think the headline answer is yes, it's happening, and I think it was part of the design and the strategy. To be fair to the team running CCR, they have been improving their operations of Coca-Cola Refreshments over the years and have been getting increasingly better results over time and doing a lot of the things that set the platform for better local operations and better coordinated national operations. But there's no question that as the bottlers have taken over these new territories, they have been very energetic in trying to improve them. They've made good progress, particularly in some of the non-directly measured channels, the up and down the street, the smaller stores, where they build on their local expertise. So I think it is, in aggregate, a tailwind. It was part of the strategy that it should be that way, and I think it's a compliment to the local bottlers that they are driving that forward.

Answer_4:

          So the operating margin expansion, the 375 basis points, I mean, clearly, we see that we are -- that operating margins have expanded when you see that we are at 6% of profit before tax and on organic revenues of 3. Yes, that is driven by that price/mix. And so you know exactly where the price/mix came from in terms of there's a lot of it being driven by North America and EMEA and -- in this quarter. And then timing of SG&A expenses, yes, part of that is -- yes, it will (inaudible) over the balance of the year, but that wasn't really the bulk of what was driving that. It's more about the productivity and cost management that we have in the year. So we have more plans over the next couple of years for additional -- for the rest of the productivity. And that will continue to drive operating margin expansion. First, just the refranchising itself drives -- has driven a lot of that 375 basis points. As we have gotten out of the capital-intensive businesses, the more people-intensive businesses, that specifically drove that 375 basis points. So we had guided to the fact that our operating margins were going to go up after the refranchising. We plan to be in that range and continue to look for, obviously, other opportunities to increase operating margins as we go forward. But -- so basically, think about it as the refranchising driving most of that, good price/mix and the cost management and the productivity that we will continue to get over the next couple of years.

Answer_5:

          Yes, sure. I think we're very happy that we're doing well in teas and coffees both globally and in North America. Obviously, the Dunkin' one is early days, good start. I think Gold Peak is a good tea brand, and again, an early start on the coffee. The basis of our kind of ready-to-drink coffee business, the -- its strong global position is actually Asia. So we have some strong brands there. So I don't think you should see it as there's going to be one brand for ready-to-drink coffee and ready-to-drink tea across the world. We're going to see some strong growth coming out of Asia in Asian teas. Yes, we're launching Honest Tea in Europe as the joint venture with Nestlé winds down on teas in the European space at the end of the year. So you will see us use some of our brands more broadly, but it won't be one brand everywhere. Net-net, we're positive on the long-term growth opportunity for both ready-to-drink teas and coffees. We'll end up with a portfolio of brands, particularly as it relates to different geographies. And each will have its own positioning, but in the end, the consumer will decide the one it wants. And if all work, great. If 2 work, then we'll take one out. Maybe we'll bring one more in. But we'll continue to pay attention to what the consumer wants and help customers grow their businesses by selling our brands.

Answer_6:

          Sure. I mean, I'll give you a couple of ideas, but I think the net of the answer is it's more of a cultural process than a process process. Having said that, we're clear on when we're talking about test-and-learn or experiment, that people need to understand the scale and the potential impacts of the experiments they're undertaking. In other words, we are starting to use some frameworks to classify how people are going after things. So said in simple terms, if the test you're undertaking is not life-threatening, do lots of them, learn quickly and move on. I mean, if the experiment, it potentially creates a material risk if it goes wrong, then let's look at it more closely. So we're starting to push through some ways of looking at the portfolio and the market so they can categorize what sort of strategy and what sort of scale of experiment that they're undertaking, whether it's a launch of a product or a new marketing program, et cetera, et cetera. And so the risk can be managed appropriately, and it's all about what's the potential downside to the corporation and that if it's not big, or said differently, if it's very small, then it's okay to let them go. But as I said at the beginning of the answer, it's mainly a cultural mindset. It's the essential idea that the world is undergoing some important structural changes, multiple ones at the same time, and that is causing disruptions on many fronts. And we have to continue to do what we've done for 130-plus years, which is stay relevant to the consumer and help our customers grow their businesses. And that's cultural. So we need people to really be focused on where do we stand really, to be curious about what's going on in the world, to kind of look -- not look at things through rose-tinted glasses and come to quick conclusions and move on. Why? Not because it's -- we fancy it and it's a nice thing to have. It's because that's what's needed in the marketplace. And I think the employees understand that. I think that's why the lean enterprise is resonating, and I think that's why it'll get pushed through. And we'll back that up with some tools and processes to help people. We're making much more embedded into the organization the use of real agile processes and agile teams because that's the way that we're going to get to answers quicker.

Answer_7:

          Yes. Yes, yes, we saw some weakness in kind of the water and sports drinks categories in the second quarter. Some of that was weather in May. There was a particularly poor period there. I don't like throwing the weather under the bus, but that's for Q2. I think in the longer-term trend, we'll -- I think water will continue to grow. Particularly enhanced water, premium waters, I think you see a lot of activity by ourselves, by competitors in that space. So I think that is going to come back and will continue to be a source of growth for the industry. And we will participate very competitively, and it will be a source of growth for us. So I think it's a moment in time.

Answer_8:

          Sure. Clearly, I'm not going to say that 4% is the projectable price/mix for the U.S. I think that's at the top end of what would happen. I think it's important as you look at the U.S. result, I mean, clearly, it was a good quarter. And we're pleased that it comes on top of multiple years of the U.S. business performing at the top end of large consumer products companies. A couple of points that are very important to note. Firstly, we benefited in the second quarter from a little bit of extra gallons in the food service business that was kind of inventory, call that a point. So it's really more of at 4%. Now we're getting a lot of that in the non-measured channels. We're getting it through the small packs. It's about a balance between mix and rates. We've got transaction packs growing mid-single digits in the quarter, high single digits year-to-date in sparkling. So it really is a bit of a sweet spot between rate and mix. As I said, it won't stay up at that high level because of the effect of the extra food service gallons. But they are executing strategy, and I think it's playing out very nicely.

Answer_9:

          Yes. Let me start with Asia and then walk towards Japan, Lauren. I think there was some softness in Asia. We'd have liked to see Asia come in better. I would call out obviously the slight disruption in India from the general sales tax, obviously affected us in the back end of the quarter. As I said in the opening remarks, we think that's good for the country, but it did obviously make some impact in the second quarter. And we're seeing softness across some of the ASEAN countries. Each has their own reasons, but the ASEAN region has been soft. China bounced back a little bit. Japan had a solid quarter. It wasn't knocking it out of the park like it has on some of the previous ones. There are some kind of cycling things in there, but we've had some good launches with some local products in Japan. Coca-Cola FOSHU, it needs more time than I have now to explain it, but pretty solid results. Year-to-date, Japan is going reasonably well. Obviously, we've got the new bottler coming into being, which sort of affects the inventories that we sell into them, which kind of makes it looks like they're not doing as well as they should. But I think Japan is going to continue to do well. China bounced back. So coming back to the beginning, it's really about India and ASEAN.

Answer_10:

          Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Look, I think a couple of factors. Just mechanically, if Brazil and Venezuela had been flat in the quarter, we'd have grown a point faster. So I mean to say, okay, well, by next year, Venezuela will have declined so much it won't matter. And Brazil, I think there's some belief that it will get better as we come out of the year. So if you want it on a mechanical basis, [you go yes]. Mathematically, if everything else stays roughly the same, then we'll get there next year as Brazil and Venezuela [sober]. Now other countries could fall off the wagon, and so that's always an uncertainty. Having said that, our underlying core revenue growth, organic growth in the second quarter was actually 4%. So if you strip out the bottling operations that we know we're going to sell, we talked about the core growing 4% last year. It grew 4% in this quarter. So I think, in there is the seeds of that number as we go into 2018. We're not making a projection on 2018 yet, but I think underlying are the breadcrumbs towards that conclusion.

Answer_11:

          Look, I think clearly, the company's role is to provide some leadership to the system and, obviously, the marketing -- the brands, the marketing and the innovation to create the business in the countries that they operate in. So to the extent the company doesn't do that, it's always going to be a problem on alignment. Similarly, the bottlers not taking advantage of when there are all those things and investing in execution, investing in the capabilities to develop the marketplace, to expand the number of outlets, to build a stronger base of cold drink equipment and the sales capability to help the customers develop their businesses, then there'll be alignment problems. So net-net, both sides need to come to the table with their piece of the equation and get it done. And when either side slips, yes, we have more robust conversations, but this is a business that really works well when both are coming to the table.

Answer_12:

          Sure. I mean, I think, firstly, it's gone really well. I mean, global volume growth for Coke Zero Sugar has stepped up over the last few years to mid-single digits to high single digits, and now it's running in the teens. So it's done well in Western Europe, and that's really good. But actually, the global growth continues to accelerate, and we think it has a long way to go. And in terms of bringing it to the U.S., of course, we're bringing it to the U.S. because we think it'll do better and help the U.S. business grow. And you asked a question about, are we phasing out? So it is a reinvention of Coke Zero, and it is a slight repositioning. And yes, it is about helping the zero-calorie part of the portfolio grow, which is linked to playing a role in tackling obesity, and by that, I mean part of what we call the one-brand strategy. So Coke Zero Sugar, of course, is an improved version of the Coke Zero Sugar formula, but it comes in more of a red visual identity, more of a red can with more of a red label and will actually help people stay in the Coca-Cola franchise, and whether they want the original with sugar or they want a Coke Zero Sugar without any, and it's less switching between brands, which will ultimately help us keep and attract more consumers.

Answer_13:

          Yes. Good question, Carlos. Look, I think the first thing is it's got to be clear to the associates why we want change rather than just asking for it. And so part of the task is helping everyone understand the business necessity of the need to change. As I mentioned earlier, the world is undergoing a lot of structural change. And what it's driving towards is a place where the speed at which consumers, customers and the rate at which insights can be generated from data to give competitive advantage is changing such that the cycle of speed, experimentation and learning will create higher business value. I mean, firstly, you have to land the idea that it's got an ultimate competitive and business value underpinning rather than, "I prefer X versus Y." How do you drive it forward? Well, clearly, in order to get that done, you do need some technical skills. We'll need more consumer digital engagement-type skills, more e-commerce-type skills, more artificial intelligence-type skills and more collaboration-type skills. And in terms of the behaviors, in order to take advantage of that competitive cycle, you need greater transparency. So we need to push behaviors where the information is made available more broadly, more transparently, more quickly. We need to keep encouraging a candor of looking at where [we] really are opportunities and issues, no rose-tinted glasses because then you get to the insight quicker. That's got to go along with a greater curiosity. We've got a -- one of the dangers of being 130-plus years successful is you think you got the answer to some things, whereas we really need to have lots of curiosity about how things could be different, could be better and how we respond to the way things are changing. And then of course, it's -- there needs to be some courage to try new things. I talked earlier about that's going to be managed with risk appetite, all experiments are not born equal, and there'll be lots of tolerance for doing it in a sensible way. And then commitment to making things better, and I think all of that can be created. Of course, the tone needs to be set from the top. We need to put in place the training and the programs. And if people understand why, I think you get a much more empowered autonomous organization that's capable of creating a better future.

Answer_14:

          Yes, let me talk about the question around the bottling system and refranchising. The -- firstly, yes, there are some legacy small bottlers, but principally, the U.S. bottling system, by the end of this year, will be a relatively small number of bottlers, distributed in a very logical geographic distribution across the country, which has moved away from the great mosaic of the past -- of the patchwork group. I think then what we will have if people are really strong locally in their [bottling] places where they know what to do -- and the U.S. is not one place. There are lots of local differences. But the important element of the strategy in the U.S. is the putting in place of the structures and mechanisms so the system can act as one, act as one with customers, act as one from a production system, act as one in terms of IP, act as one in terms of really working out what's the strategy. So it will be a strong combination of local knowledge and the ability to act across the system. It's in place. I think they've done a great job over the last several years in bringing it to life and delivering top-class results in the U.S. environment. And I think that's going to continue to be the system of the future.

