Answer_1:

    Hello, John. Good morning. So we don't disclose the bank leverage ratio.  But it is lower than the Holding Company, so we would have a further way to go.  As we said, we intend to be compliant at the Holding Company level by the beginning of 2015 and work on bank compliance shortly thereafter. 

Answer_2:

    John, obviously the rules are fairly new, and still a proposal and not final.  So there's work to do before they get finalized. We're working through all of the things we'd need to do to comply. I would say we would aim to be compliant by the end of 2015, but we need to go do more detailed plans and we'll get back to you with some more specifics. 

Answer_3:

    Yes, all of those things could be considered and would be considered. 

Answer_4:

    So in terms of the cushion, while it's not scientific, there is a volatility in that number inherent in actually deposit flows.  So we do see some things in deposit flows, particularly wholesale flows, and that could span a quarter end and drive the ratio up or down some.  So it's prudent to run at a ratio above 100% and around about this level.  And just in terms of acceleration, we just wanted to get there more quickly.  The opportunity presented itself, so nothing more than that. 

Answer_5:

    So it's a great question, John, because as you alluded to in the question, there's a large number of moving parts in terms of the forecast, including points of yield on rates, which as you know have been choppy over the last several weeks.  So we base our projections on modest loan growth and on our understanding of the implied rate curves and that they could all -- they could change.  Also deposit flows, as you've seen, have been very, very strong.  So we accelerated our LCR compliance back to the majority of the NIM compression we were previously expecting and guiding you to forward; and consequently, we expect to be more stable, with some loan yield compression being offset by lower cost of debt. 

Answer_6:

    I'll just give you two data points, and then you can maybe go and have a look at them.  But I think in the Q, we disclose a couple of things. The first is a bit of a sweetener which says that over 12 months, it would deliver about $900 million of additional NII. It's not exactly what we've seen, but-- 


    That's the 10-year going up 100 basis points. 


    That's right.  That's the 10-year going up 100 basis points.  I'm sorry.  And that's not exactly what we've seen, but it's the closest thing to what we're seeing right now.  And then the other thing we've disclosed is on a parallel shift of 100 basis points, so if your short rates go up 2%, that would deliver just over $2 billion over 12 months.  And not to say that recurs, but it takes time to build up to that. 


    And that's interest rates only, not Mortgage volume, Investment Banking volume.  That's just isolating interest rates only, assuming the Company invests the way we're planning to. 

Answer_7:

    Those were the numbers from the last Q, and they are not meaningfully changed right now. 

Answer_8:

    Yes.  So John, I would point you to -- and I can't remember the page, I apologize -- but we put a page in Investor Day that talked about what we thought through the cycle charge-off rates were for each of our businesses.  And so what I would do is look at -- take NCI loans and a reserve balance at the end of the period of $3.3 billion, take a look at that page and figure out what a more normal sort of charge-off rate, and therefore reserve balance, would be.  And that will be in large part a reduction over the course of the next several quarters.  So we expect it to be a journey to get to that level throughout 2014. 


    And wholesale, we're kind of where we should be. We shouldn't expect much different. Credit Card, maybe a little bit more, but put that in the hundreds of millions.  


    Yes. 


    And on Mortgage, I think we said Investment Day, eventually it will be $1 billion to $1.5 billion, within a couple years. 


    And PCI, if we have home improvement, we may see some reduction in PCI loan loss reserves.  Purchase credit (Inaudible).   

Answer_9:

    No, we haven't done that yet, John.  But the reserve release we took at NCI was driven in large part by lower severity.  So if this continues, you might see some of that. 

Answer_10:

    Good morning. 

Answer_11:

    Yes.  So Brennan, what we laid on the page was an illustration. And you're absolutely right. What it shows you is that we want to be able to close that gap much more quickly, and so that might very well be what happens. We just aren't coming out now with a target of achieving it over the course of the next one or two quarters, because we have other objectives, including the continuation of being able to have some capital distributions to you guys that we want to be able to decide when we do CCAR at the end of the year. 


    We'll be able to do it pretty quickly when we know what it actually is. We don't want to start making actions that affect customers way in advance of knowing the real final rules. 


    Right. 


    But what you took away from the page was absolutely right. Closing that gap should not be difficult and could be more quick than this, but we wanted to be cautious. 

Answer_12:

    Yes.  So we're not going to disclose the duration, but there was some changes in the portfolio as we moved out of non-eligible into eligible securities for LCR and also maintained more cash.  So there were some changes. We also, as you saw, are making gains on sale and we were doing that. 

Answer_13:

    No.  


    No. 


    Remember, when rates go up, certain mortgages lengthen and a whole bunch of different things take place.  But in general, the portfolio is several year duration, a couple years duration, AA-plus;  and obviously, it changes over time to manage into short exposures. 

Answer_14:

    That's not a bad assumption. 


    All things being equal.  


    All things being equal, yes.  (Laughter).  

Answer_15:

    Exactly. 

Answer_16:

    The Board -- we're not going to tell you what Board deliberations are.  But the Board obviously has  talked to shareholders, a bunch of ideas.  And also, we think we have some of the best corporate governance out there, including -- which I think is more important than the separation of Chairman and CEO -- that the Board should make the decision based on the circumstance of the time.  They know the Company, the strategy, the people, that the Board always meets without the CEO, the Board in total sets the agenda, the Board is completely engaged in CEO compensation, the Board can hire and fire the CEO at will.  And those practices, some are in our charters, some are not.  But hopefully, it won't be the distraction it was last year. 

Answer_17:

    Good morning. 


    Hello, Betsy. 

Answer_18:

    So Betsy, there's nothing underlying it.  Let me just give you, hopefully, enough. It is a little bit lower than $4.7 million.  And given that the ratio for the Bank Holding Company is 6%,  then the gap is a little bit bigger.  But measured in small terms of basis points, not more. 


    And a lot of it's historical, how JPMorgan Chase got built through mergers over time, what ended up in the bank, what ended up in broker dealers.  And we'll have to change our legal entities a little bit overseas.  So we'll have to modify our legal entities to accomplish our the objectives, and we'll be able to do that over time. 


    And over time, if we're able to push out, it will help.  


    Exactly. 


    And remember, the overriding constraint is the 5%. 

Answer_19:

    Yes, of course. 

Answer_20:

    Yes. 

Answer_21:

    We're not going to disclose it today, Betsy, and we can reconsider that, because we think there is some pretty fundamental issues with some of those proposals, not least of which is the absence of FIN-41 netting or netting on match securities financing, which we believe and are hopeful is going to be resolved.  But it is a add-on and it's not insignificant. 


    And the thing that I stress in derivative receivables but not taking benefit for collateral, which we know we get.  And there are a lot of issues in there that need to be looked at and analyzed. 


    Betsy, to Brennan's earlier question, I think in the context of what we've laid out as illustratively being achievable, then timelines would solve the problem. 


    The other important point is one of the things that Basel and all this stuff is supposed to do is harmonize global rules. This is clearly no longer harmonization, where we have one part of the world is talking about two times, with another part of the world is talking about.  And I don't think there's any industry out there that would be comfortable with something like that in the long run.  Because in the long run, that has a lot of effects that you can't determine, quarter-by-quarter. 

Answer_22:

    Right. 

Answer_23:

    The HPI improvement on RWA has a bit of a lag to it.  So while it did contribute to the reduction in our RWA, our reduction was principally run-off, and some model enhancement and some lower risk.  But in part, that lower risk was driven by better HCI. 

Answer_24:

    Yes, Betsy, it's a great question.  And we will get back to you after the call. 

Answer_25:

    Hello, Matt. 

Answer_26:

    So you know, June was a bit more challenging, and so it wasn't as strong as April and May.  But it really comes down to the fact that we really do have a client driven business model.  And the client flows, they held up.  And so if you surround that with robust and strong trading risk discipline, that's pretty much how it turned out. 


    And I think our folks in Emerging Markets also did a spectacularly good job, because I think you might see some real differentiation there from some other folks when all their numbers come out. 

Answer_27:

    A little of everything. 

Answer_28:

    I think we've been very consistent in how we look at comp and how we accrue it and things like that, after capital charges and by line of business, type of business and such, that it's just a change of mix and a change of capital, et cetera. 

Answer_29:

    Yes. 

Answer_30:

    Possibly. 

Answer_31:

    Good morning. 

Answer_32:

    Mike, all other things being equal, that's not an unreasonable assumption.  But as we said before, things are never equal. 

Answer_33:

    I'm sorry, Mike, say that again? 

Answer_34:

    Yes, I guess that's about right. Or maybe a little less.  A little less, Mike. 

Answer_35:

    Yes, I think we disclose all of the assumptions in the earnings risk tables in the 10-Q.  But yes, it's short rates staying low and the 10-year going up 100 basis points, I think. 


    Yes, but it also drags up the five-year, the seven-year. 


    Yes.  Yes.  


    So if you use one point, it's the 10-year.  But it's the yield curve going up steeply. 

Answer_36:

    You're not mistaken, which is why if you actually get more of a parallel shift and short rates go up, our numbers go up by multiples. 

Answer_37:

    The pipeline? 


    Activity levels picked up some, and we expect that to carry into the third quarter.  So a little better. 


    And you saw a real slowdown when we had the volatile markets in June, but we think that's not permanent, the markets kind of open up again.  You've seen a bunch of IPOs and debt deals and a lot of M&A chatter.  

Answer_38:

    We didn't disclose that, Mike, for a couple of reasons. One is that, as we said, the proposals, we think, have some fundamental issues to them.  But it would be lower. The gross up to our balance sheet on top of the 3.5% sitting on the page would not be insignificant,  but we didn't disclose it. 

Answer_39:

    Yes, that is definitely one of the reasons.  And that's one of the reasons why we said, of course, the timeline could be impacted if there are significant changes to the rules, and that would be one of those changes. 

Answer_40:

    First of all, I think it's going great.  And the folks in the field will tell you that they are seeing huge benefits from putting together the corporate Global Investment Bank, the corporate Investment Bank, Treasury Services.  But you are right. There's been flattening out a little bit in Treasury Services and Investor Services, which is mostly custody. Some of that's spread, some of that's margins.  So some of that will benefit also a little bit from rising rates.  And we don't know what the peers will show yet.  So maybe you do, but I don't know yet. 

Answer_41:

    Mike, I don't know.  And obviously, if we lag our peers, we'll be as disappointed as you are. 

Answer_42:

    Your last one. 


    Yes, it's balancing both, Erika, which is why, in response to the earlier question, we said we've been conservative on the timeline, because we want to reserve the flexibility to consider capital distributions when we do our CCAR in 2013, and it will be a factor we consider. 

Answer_43:

    So Erika, the truly truly variable, as in transaction variable proportion of the business, is some.  But the majority of it is related to people and systems, so there's usually a several month lag to be able to get that out of the system. 

Answer_44:

    I think, think about it this way. I think that revenue margins will be down on competitive pressures, volumes are down, and expenses may go up because volumes are down, for a couple of quarters. 


    Sorry, expense margins would up. 


    In other words, a dramatic reduction in profits. 


    We're trying to be clear with you that this would be a significant event, if rates stay where they are, if mortgage rates stay where they are, or go higher. 

Answer_45:

    Yes, so let me just walk you through it. So this quarter, our expenses adjusted for litigation were $15.2 billion.  For the first half, adjusted for corporate litigation and foreclosure-related matters, it was $30.7 billion, which would be against the $59 billion target, which is running a little high.  But there are two important factors. One is in our definition of adjustment, we only adjusted out corporate litigation, so there's other litigation in the firm that's several hundred million dollars.  It's disclosed in our supplement.  You can see that.  And also in the first half of the year, we did see out performance in terms of the Investment Bank, or CIB, revenues.  And clearly, we pay compensation on that, which is a it good expense and we would waive it in all day long.  So if you take the combination of those two things that we don't technically adjust out, our underlying core expenses are on track for that number, yes. 

Answer_46:

    You can't really think about a run rate trend in litigation costs, because they are somewhat lumpy.  So we don't have a forecast for you, and they will go up and down. 

Answer_47:

    You're absolutely right. When you separate NIM, you try to tease it out and you make our interest rates.  Because you've got to look at the underlying results, underlying volumes and things like that. There's no reason to think that we aren't going to have a good trading going forward, because if the economy is strengthening, and we believe, our view is that it is, and that capital markets are going to open up again, and people get adjusted to slightly new, higher rates.  And yes, volatility helps certain trading areas. Higher interest rates hurt mortgages, but again, they can help other areas.  So it's a whole potpourri.  It's impossible almost to separate it out.  And we try to do that for you, but I think it's a little bit of a mistake when you look at the Hold Company. 

Answer_48:

    So we are working really hard on the CCAR resubmission.  And you're right, we're going to resubmit that before the end of the third quarter. We're in constant dialogue with the regulators, although we won't receive any formal feedback until we're in the fourth quarter.  And so we're doing everything we can to be able to be successful in remediating any of the issues they identify for us.  And if we're able to do that, then there should be no impact. 


    It won't be for lack of trying. 


    Yes, it will not be for the number of people who are -- 


    You have probably a thousand people now who are devoted-- 


    We have 500 people that are dedicated and thousands of people working on it. 

Answer_49:

    So just a point of clarification, if it wasn't clear, is that our guidance is that we're expecting to get our expenses down to $600 million in the fourth quarter from the level they're at now, which is $715 million for this quarter.  So just to be very clear.  And to remind you, our longer term run rate for that business is $325 million a quarter.  So it is dominated by the default side, but there is some core performance obviously in there, too. 


    And to keep it really simple, we hope to get it to a run rate of $500 million the year after that, $400 million the year after that, and $325 million the year after, where we should be.  And we have a lot of work to do in systems, et cetera to get all that done.  And obviously the costly foreclosure, the legal stuff, is also coming down. 

Answer_50:

    Three-year. 


    Three years.  And know that we're actively working the portfolio to be able to do what we can more quickly, so you would expect that we're looking at either sales or sub servicing of defaulted loans and capacatizing our performing servicing.  So we're working on all of that. 

Answer_51:

    Sure.  They're all calculated the same way, based upon the disclosed closed loan volumes that we have to use.  So if you take the revenues and expenses and use the closed loans volumes for the quarter, that's how we derive the margins, which is why you see some short-term noise quarter over quarter and the increase this quarter to actually 116 basis points, because we actually book revenues when we lock loans, but we report them closed. 


    Which is different than you guys do it at Wells. 

Answer_52:

    Yes.  So I would tell you that it's more of what we're seeing and feeling in discussions and activity with our clients, that we feel like deal activity levels have picked up and may be turning.  And the pipeline feels a little better and solid, but not strong.  So we're expecting that to translate into the second half.  And obviously, as the economy continues to recover and confidence continues to grow, hopefully that will get even better. 

Answer_53:

    So I mean, listen, my comment on that is that Glass Steagall didn't have anything to do with the crisis, and our business model allowed us to be a port in the storm. Our customers like doing business with us in the model that we have now, so --  


    We don't spend time thinking about that. 

Answer_54:

    Yes.  So Gerard, just to be really clear, and you look at the title there, to be illustrative, we just, for the purposes of this analysis, we just hold everything flat. That's not to imply anything about what our capital distributions will be going forward, but rather to imply we can continue to do some. 

Answer_55:

    Yes, I mean it's just optimizing our mix between common and preferreds. 

Answer_56:

    It's too early for us to talk about passes on that level. 

Answer_57:

    I think, folks, this just came out.  So we're trying to share information with you.  And it might, but give us a little bit of time and we'll give you a deeper feel how it might affect -- how this might affect different businesses, different products.  Because obviously when you do something like this, this will be pushed down, at one point, not just to the line of business, but to the client and the product and the country, and then we can answer that question for you. 

Answer_58:

    Nothing in particular, just demand.  And I should temper that with, just demand and the continuation that we've talked about of very, very strong competition.  And we are, as I said, we are prioritizing quality over growth. We would tactically under perform rather than chase a deal that we weren't comfortable with. 

Answer_59:

    The results are in our second quarter results. 


    Not that material. 

Answer_60:

    You should probably ask them.   


    We hope so. 

Answer_61:

    We're not going to give you monthly specific.  I think our folks did a very good job in June. 


    Obviously, when spreads widen out, certain businesses are more of this than others.  I already mentioned that Emerging Markets replies to the most volatility, both in terms of spreads volatility and equity markets, did a very good job. 

Answer_62:

    So you should think about mortgage as having some more releases, because we continue to see delinquencies and severities improve, particularly HPI improvement.  And so you should expect that to continue, maybe not at the level that we saw this quarter, because we had a big revision to HPI, as you know, during the last several months.  And in part, we've had $1.050 billion of reserve releases in the first half.  Given what we're seeing, we expect more releases in the second half, but not at that level. 


    Think of the several hundred million. 


    Several hundred million dollars. 


    It's near the end, the car.  And wholesale is kind of where it should be and will bounce around. 


    Thank you. 

Answer_63:

    You got it exactly right. At Investor Day, we gave you something that was far more dramatic than 100 basis points, and we already said the duration of this thing is not 10 years, it's a lot less than 10 years.  So obviously, the effect will be less. 

Answer_64:

    Not really. 


    Not really. 

Answer_65:

    So the Investor Day scenario was a more severe scenario than the 230 basis points you're implying. 


    What was the number we gave at Investor Day?  


    It was 300 basis, plus or minus.  And this is in line with our expectations. 


    Unfortunately, OCI is not, I hate to say, is not that big a deal. We all know about it. We're all prepared for it. Rates can go up. OCI gains are going to go down. 20 basis points, you're going to see this happen elsewhere. It's asynchronous. We have OCI going through capital and the benefits going through earnings in the future.  So if it were up to us, we wouldn't have actually had this asynchronous accounting to this thing.  And we're prepared, we're going to have buffers that could compare that.  We know how a conservation buffer works, but it's not that big a deal. The duration of our portfolio, and you guys can do it yourself, AA-plus, couple your duration, you could almost calculate the number yourself.  With one caveat is that the losses are less as rates go up, because of the complexity of the portfolio, currently.  And the other thing about this, we can change it overnight at any time. 

Answer_66:

    If you move a trade to a central clearinghouse, it has no charge here and it has nothing to do with the margin that they put up with the clearinghouse. The trade is bilateral with us. You have the receivable get stressed, and you can't take the benefit of the fact that you're going to get collateral against it. That's the way the calculations are done.  So any trade you move to a clearing house eliminates that exposure. 


    The margin of the clients with the clearing house is not with us. It's with the clearing house. 

Answer_67:

    We've already added in our forecast to you guys some moving derivatives, on liquid cap and all that.  I do think at the margins this will support things in the clearing houses.  But we don't have analysis to tell you about that right now. Will it be material? We don't really know yet. Remember, the clients, there's a lot of client business who, they are also going to determine what they want.  It won't be just up to us. 


    And remember that the derivative add-on calculation is a calculation that is currently being rethought by the Basel committee because of some of the issues with it.  So it could also, in and of itself,  improve. 

Answer_68:

    We haven't done that analysis. 


    It's hard to tell. 


    To be honest, we were trying to be very transparent and give you some ideas about the sorts of things that we're considering. We haven't translated these into detailed plans yet, so we don't know the second order impacts of this yet. 


    I think Marianne gave numbers to show that we can handle this.  But also, you have to be very cognizant of client effects. We have a client business, and we have to make sure that we continue to have a client franchise.  And so over time, we'll adjust the businesses, and we'll meet LCR, we'll meet Basel III, we're going to meet whatever the leverage ratio is.  And think of it in some ways of alternative minimum taxes.  So if every client will be running what's your return on Basel III capital and then what's your return on leverage capital?  


    Stress capital.  


    And stress capital.  So you'll try to manage all those as fair to the client and fair to the Company. 

Answer_69:

    Obviously, we can do stuff like that. 


    Yes. 


    Give us a little time. We're showing you that we can get to the consolidated pretty easily, maybe have to restructure some things and change the capital structure a little bit, and move businesses out of the FDIC-insured bank and all that. I just don't think any of that's going to be critical to the future function of our business. We'll adjust those things to accomplish what we need to accomplish. And give us a little more time.  It just happened a couple days ago. 


    Thank you. 

Answer_70:

    Well, let me take do the first question -- second question first. If you have a world where some businesses have to hold twice as much capital as other companies, that obviously over time can create huge competitive disadvantages. I don't know of any industry in America who would want to compete globally in that basis. We have an interest in a safe and sound system, so not against the leverage ratio.  But we would be, we're not for a hugely unbalanced competitive playing field.  So put that aside. The regulators know that.  They are trying to -- we thought part of Basel and all that is to harmonize these kind of things.  And if you ask about it, what we show here, and Marianne just shows, anything which is a low RWA asset, including HQLA, revolvers, certain types of derivatives, those things obviously you'll look at a little bit differently because it's a leverage ratio asset.  And we don't have to do it by business yet. We'll give you more detail later. 
Like even Marianne had mentioned that we take huge deposits in from countries and from money funds, et cetera, that you may not take in, because you can't afford capital against a deposit of $1  billion dollars you get from a money fund that you park with the Fed for 25 basis points, you pay the FDIC 10 basis points, you pay the client 5 or 6 or 7 basis points, you got to put 6% capital against it. You simply stop doing -- there are a whole bunch of things we've got to figure out how we're going to  do it.  But we want to make sure we manage the client franchise properly. We'll figure out the other stuff over time. 

Answer_71:

    So separate the type of deposit, okay? So if it's a consumer deposit, it has a completely different LCR, how you can invest, the kind of spread you can make. If it's what we call big wholesale short-term deposits, you're absolutely correct. We would probably restrict some of that over time. 

Answer_72:

    Yes.  This back up, although sharp, is not entirely unexpected.  So as we talk about our longer term plans, and when we outlined all of that and the strategy for the mortgage business at Investor Day,  that medium to long-term plan does not change.  So it may accelerate some of the activities that we have and have, as we said, some impact on the next couple of quarters' results.  But the long-term strategy hasn't changed. We're working the portfolio, optimizing servicing, trying to take costs out as quickly as possible and grow share.  And actually, we think we should be able to grow share even more strongly in a more difficult market. 

Answer_73:

    No.  No, Nancy.  


    Not yet.  


    Not yet.  And as you know, traditionally that would, in any case, lag. Of course, that doesn't mean it will, but that's traditionally what happens. 

Answer_74:

    This is what the issue is with all this, you spend all your time talking about accounting, as opposed to business. The business is deposits, serving clients, doing things.  And now we talk all the time about AOCI.  And we have a lot of asynchronous accounting, and pro cyclical accounting and stuff like that, that we try to explain.  But we try to look through all of that and build a business, more clients, more bankers, more branches, happier clients.  So in all of our business, that's how we look at it. We'll work through the asynchronous accounting.  If the loan loss reserve accounting changes, it would add, obviously the loan losses, though probably not as much as people think.  But we still would run the business for economics in the long run. It wouldn't change how we run the business. We would be just be holding more reserves, which would be fine with us. 

Answer_75:

    Well, as you know, the industry commented, we commented in terms of the proposal.  And we are generally in favor of it, but I think that a lifetime timeline is too long, so something shorter than that would make sense.  I think we need to work that through.  It would be implemented over, not the course of the next couple of quarters, but in a year or so.  So we'll wait and see. 

Answer_76:

    I would say, so first of all, the industry groups haven't fully reforecast the market, so we'll wait and see what they come out with.  We're trying to be transparent with our guidance, so that level, hopefully we're wrong and hopefully it will be better than that. I will say, for our own business, we didn't expect volumes to be down this much throughout the year, had this not happened with this space. 

Answer_77:

    Well, mostly this is refi. 


    So purchase, we actually saw go up a little bit. 


    They're not going to make up for refi.  But they may go up, yes. 

Answer_78:

    Look, we're in favor of finishing.  We've always believed in high capital, high liquidity, good regulation and things like that, and finishing it.  And obviously, there are things that all countries have points of view about which would be different.  But I think the better you get to real harmonization -- the closer you get to real harmonization, the better. If you want to start all over again, we'll spend another five years debating every single thing out there. 


    Yes. 

Answer_79:

    Yes. 

Answer_80:

    Well, as I said, we're expecting NIMs to stay broadly flat from here. We do expect some modest loan growth, that's our outlook. I'm not going to tell you how much, but some.  And then we also have the improving cost of debt,  lower cost of debt on actions that we've been taking throughout the first half. 

Answer_81:

    Yes. But we also have the yield compression.  So you know, there's puts and takes.  And so relatively flat on NIM, modestly up on NII. 

Answer_82:

    I'm sorry, I didn't understand. 

Answer_83:

    Yes. 

Answer_84:

    We're growing loans in Asset Management.  We're growing loans in Auto.  We're adding more mortgage loans.  We're expecting some growth in Commercial. Our Commercial Real Estate is already growing strongly. We're expecting some growth in middle market and Corporate Client Banking space.  Although we've seen loan reduction in CIB, we're expecting that to remain relatively flat.  So all other things being equal, that's net growth. And Card, as I said, have hit that inflection point, so that will stop contributing to run-off, net. 

Answer_85:

    So our annual guidance was that, if you look at the first half of the year, you'll see that obviously already we're down year-to-date by more than that amount.  So this is relative to the third quarter, we expect NII to go up.  We're already down a little more than 1%. 

Answer_86:

    Well, thank you for bragging on our trading results.  And for years, the Investment Bank is building FX rates, securitized products, commodities, emerging markets, credit.  And they're good. And obviously, some go up and some go down.  I wouldn't say it was-- at least, I didn't see any regional effects. We trade around the world and the books get handed off around the world, so it's hard to give it a region.  But we build a lot of clients low businesses and that what's driving it.  
I think it's better for the world to have harmonized rules around what Basel is trying to do, et cetera. But you're absolutely correct. It doesn't have to be exactly the same to have a competitive marketplace, et cetera. We always ran with higher capital liquidity than most of our competitors.  I just think if one is 3% and one is 6%, that becomes just too big, and over time it could have huge competitive effects.  And the regulators are working it out.  We all want a fair, safe, sound financial system, okay? So that's in everyone's benefit, and there are huge capital issues -- capital requirements, liquidity requirements, leverage requirements, stress testing requirements.  And among all of that, I feel that we're getting there.  But at one point, this should be somewhat harmonized.  
And your middle two questions, I now forgot. 


    Can we get back to you on some of that stuff?  We're sort of running out of time rapidly. 


    Okay. 

Answer_87:

    Yes, correct. 


    I'm sorry, David.  As of June 30, based upon the US proposed rules. 


    Estimated to the best of our ability. 

Answer_88:

    So, David, we did say at the beginning that we do think that having a leverage ratio is an important part of our capital management toolkit or process, as long as it's properly calibrated.  And so for us the two questions, I think they are very important and the industry does, too.  So we're participating in discussions.  As Jamie's talked about, what should the quotient, or the ratio, be and making sure that that not only is appropriate but fair across the globe, and also what should the calculation for the denominator be.  And we've alluded already to two specific questions, but there are more. 
One is should high quality liquid assets, most particularly cash and cash at central banks, be treated the same as other balance sheet items?  And then in terms of some of the additional add-ons that are being proposed, we think they could have issues, actual issues, for the operation of the financing market.  So I think there's going to be a lot of work that takes place. There are comments due back on all of those proposals by mid-September, call it, plus or minus.  And I think this will be worked through through the fourth quarter. 

