Question_1:

    Good morning.  Hello, Marianne. I was wondering if you could -- do you have any sense that you could give us of where you stand on the leverage ratio at the bank level today relative to the 6% requirement? 

Question_2:

    Okay.  So shortly thereafter, maybe within a quarter or two? Can you give us any feel there, or -- just to get a sense of --? 

Question_3:

    Okay.  And you mentioned the mitigation you can do at the Holding Company. Is there mitigation you can also do to help specifically the bank level ratio in terms of assets that could be shifted to the parent or equity that could go from the Hold Company to the sub and things like that? 

Question_4:

    Okay.  And then on the liquidity ratio, why have you decided to run with this level of cushion to LCR and why the acceleration in getting there now? Anything driving that, in particular? 

Question_5:

    Okay.  And could you give us some of the assumptions behind your outlook for stable net interest margin and modest net interest income growth in the back half of the year, just in terms of what you're assuming on rates and loan growth, and what are the puts and takes on your outlook? 

Question_6:

    Okay.  And then finally, I'm not sure if I saw it in here or not, but can you remind us how much you benefit from higher rates?  And which rates in particular are most helpful for you, if you can delineate between the 10-year and the shorter based rates? 

Question_7:

    And then that's current numbers, that's last Q or that's as of right now? 

Question_8:

    Okay.  And last thing for me, on reserve release, how can we gauge, if it is possible at all, how long this can go on for? Are there any base metrics that you think you can't go below that we could look at as a percent of loans or a percent of normalized charge-offs? Any help you can give us to gauge how much might be left on reserve release front? 

Question_9:

    You haven't done that yet in terms of taking the PCI out yet, right? 

Question_10:

    Good morning. 

Question_11:

    So another quick question on leverage. Could you help me understand why it takes until Q1 '15 for the Bank Holding Company to add the 30 basis points necessary to the leverage ratio? It looks like what you laid out puts you well above that earlier. 

Question_12:

    Understood.  Thanks.  And was there a change in the securities portfolio during the quarter, and maybe could you give us an update on where that duration stands? 

Question_13:

    So would the bias be to assume that it would be towards shorter? 

Question_14:

    Okay.  And then just a quick follow-up on John's question. Is it generally right, given what you guys have disclosed and what you guys just verified and what we've seen in rates, if we assume that rates kind of stay where they're at, that you would get about 75% of that $900 million additional NII in 2014, if we stay status quo to where we are now? 

Question_15:

    Right.  All things are never equal, but --  

Question_16:

    And then last one, just trying to think about maybe the potential to avoid some of the really big distraction that we saw this quarter around what is sort of becoming an annual event at the shareholder vote. Have you guys considered maybe articulating some kind of plan or a blue print or a map or what have you to get people comfortable with the future state of CEO Chairman roles way down the line when there is sort of a succession that is in place? 

Question_17:

    Hello.  Thanks.  Good morning. 

Question_18:

    So one more question on page 4. Your $4.7 million is really close.  We were looking for $4.5 million, so very much in line with what we're looking for. I'm just wondering why no bank sub disclosure.  I realize that it's different, but -- and I heard your answer earlier.  But I'm just wondering, why not just give us a number. Is it that there's too much uncertainty in estimating that denominator, you need understanding from the regulators as to what they're looking for?  Could you just help us out on a little bit of the qualitative reasons? 

Question_19:

    Yes, I get that. If possible, I'd love to show you what our assumptions are and maybe we could understand where we differ. 

Question_20:

    Okay.  And then separately, you put on here on this page the potential further add-ons for the Basel proposal.  You're talking about the Basel consultative document that came out a couple weeks ago? 

Question_21:

    Is there any sense as to what kind of basis point hit that is? 

Question_22:

    Yes.  So part of the challenge is a higher denominator in one side and a higher ratio on the other side, right? 

Question_23:

    Just on HPI, HPI obviously rose significantly in the quarter. Could you give us an indication as to how much that helped RWAs? Was that a big piece of the driver? 

Question_24:

    So can you give us a sense as to given where HPI is today, what kind of benefit that would have on RWAs if there wasn't a lag? 

Question_25:

    Good morning. 

Question_26:

    Just drilling down to some of the businesses here.  Obviously June, as you mentioned and we've all seen, was very volatile in the credit markets and the fixed income markets in general.  And I guess just a basic question, how did you do so well in fixed income? I know you commented early part of the month that things had deteriorated quite a bit, and I think some of us were surprised at how good it was in the quarter. 

Question_27:

    And is that just from managing a smaller inventory while the spreads were widening, or --? 

Question_28:

    Okay.  And I guess from the other side, when we look at the comp rate at the Investment Bank, it was down, I think, 2% to 3% both linked quarter and year over year. What's driving that? Is it mix, is it the streamlining of the business lines that you announced about a year ago fully coming together, or just paying people less? 

Question_29:

    And I think you've been guiding towards 35%? 

Question_30:

    Should we think that maybe it's the lower end of that that is more sustainable? 

Question_31:

    Good morning. 

Question_32:

    First, I just wanted to follow-up on the comment, so over the next 12 months NII should benefit by 75% of the $900 million?  So in other words, you should -- in 2014, you should benefit by about $700 million -- 

Question_33:

    No, I understand.  It's more art than science.  So I guess your run rate of net interest income, that would be about 1.5% of that.  Is that in the ballpark of how you think about it? 

Question_34:

    So that benefit would equal about 1.5% of net interest income? 

Question_35:

    Okay.  And when you say the benefit, it's the benefit of the 10-year increasing 100 basis points? I didn't fully hear how you explained that. 

Question_36:

    The reason I ask that is it seems as though maybe the 10-year is not as relevant as perhaps the five-year, or am I mistaken? Or the three-year? 

Question_37:

    Okay.  Separately, the Investment Banking backlogs, where are they versus the first quarter, at the end? 

Question_38:

    And the leverage ratio, you said under the US rules, it's 4.7%. Under the proposed Basel rules, if adopted, where would the leverage ratio be? 

Question_39:

    Can you give us a ballpark?  Or is that one reason you're being so conservative, you have 160 basis point potential benefit, but you're still saying wait until early 2015. Is that part of your thought process? 

Question_40:

    Okay.  And then last question relates to the processing business, which to me looks like it's lagging for the second quarter in a row.  And I'm asking a more broad question.  For eight years, since Bank One merged with JPMorgan, and I think for a few decades before that, it was run as a separate business.  And the fourth quarter of last year, it was merged into the Investment Bank.  And now we have two quarters in a row of what looks like performance that will lag peer.  So my question is how is the management and organizational restructuring going? Is it impacting the processing business, or is there something else taking place there? 

Question_41:

    Yes, I'm guessing it's going to lag. The assets under custody down 2% link quarter when markets are up as much as they are, is there anything else that's one-time or unique? 

Question_42:

    Good morning. My first question really has to do with some of the initial questions asked on capital.  And what is the priority here on capital distribution versus leverage ratio? Is it compliance to the 5% at the Hold Co, or is it accelerating capital distribution over the next two years relative to what you announced out of this year's CCAR, or can JPMorgan both be compliant with the leverage ratio over time and accelerate buybacks and dividends? 

Question_43:

    Okay.  And a follow-up question on what you mentioned, Marianne, in the beginning of the call on Mortgage. You mentioned that if loan rates stay where they are, that could mean the market shrinks by 30% or 40%. What is the proportionate expense in that scenario that you could take out of the business, and how long typically is the lag until you can take those expenses out? 

Question_44:

    And proportionately, if the revenues are down, let's say, origination revenues are down 30% to 40%, what's the efficiency ratio that we can think about as we think about the variable costs that can get taken out? 

Question_45:

    Good morning, guys. Want to ask, maybe I missed it, on expenses. Can you talk about how you're still feeling about the full-year target?  You previously had talked about down $1 billion year over year, ex-legal. Does that still stand? 

Question_46:

    Got it. That's helpful.  And the additional litigation costs this quarter, somewhat elevated. How do we think about them going forward, staying elevated but similar rate, or a little bit lower, or how do we think about that? 

Question_47:

    Got it.  Thanks.  And then in terms of the rates, obviously, impact a lot of different businesses, Mortgage, the balance sheet, NII, NIM discussion, but then also can you walk through how we should think about it in terms of the FIC business, heightened volatility, maybe more volume, but then obviously softer environment in June.  How do we think about this current environment playing out for the back half of this year in terms of trading? 

Question_48:

    Thank you.  And then my last question was just a clarification on there's been a lot of regulatory issues, capital, liquidity, buffers on buffers, OLA, et cetera. As well as I know you guys, I expect -- I think it's this quarter that you're resubmitting your CCAR plan. Is it fair to assume that despite all these things that have been coming out and there's still some hurdles that need to be met, that one shouldn't expect a change in capital deployment or should we? 

Question_49:

    Good morning. Just a couple of questions. First of all, Marianne, you mentioned servicing costs in the mortgage business being down by about $600 million in the fourth quarter. Is that largely coming out of the default side of things or is that -- do you think that will be more evenly spread between default and regular, more regular servicing? 

Question_50:

    So it's about a three- to four-year run rate to get down to ultimately where you want to be? 

Question_51:

    Okay.  Marianne, just a further clarification question. On gain on sale margins, you mentioned those were 118 basis points this quarter.  You mentioned last quarter that they were 100 basis points, and about 180 basis points on a normalized basis in the fourth quarter. Are all those calculated in the same way? Are those quarterly averages, or are those the gains at the end of the quarter?  Just wanted to be sure we understand that.  

Question_52:

    Fair enough. And then one final question.  Marianne, you mentioned deal activity appears to be turning, I think that was with respect to the commercial banking business. Could you provide a little more color on that?  Did June's volatility in the interest rate scenario slow down business activity in the commercial banking business?  And I'm not really specifically talking about the Investment Bank, but more in the commercial banking side of things. 

Question_53:

    Okay.  And just finally, there's been a lot of talk, obviously, in the last couple of days about a potential reassertion of Glass Steagall.  And I guess I'm curious, given your current business model, would that, if that were to come to pass, would that be a meaningful negative in terms of your ability to maintain your cross-sell opportunities across the businesses, or is that perhaps less of a challenge given how you currently have the businesses structured? 

Question_54:

    Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to be clear, when you talk about on page 4 that you're going to hold your capital distributions flat, is that for all of 2014 relative to '13? 

Question_55:

    Yes, okay.  And then second, you put in here the Tier 1 capital actions could add possibly 30 basis points. Could you give some color behind what you're thinking there? 

Question_56:

    Okay.  And would the total leverage impact of 60 to 160 basis points, clearly that's over the 5%, I assume then that you're going to be comfortable running something north of 5% when you finally get there. 

Question_57:

    Okay.  In your Investor Day, you gave us the ROEs for the different lines of businesses.  And in the total firm, you felt 15% to16% was your target ROE. Will that change now that you've got to carry the higher leverage numbers? 

Question_58:

    Okay.  You guys have had some great C&I loan growth in the middle market space over the last four, five, six quarters. It seemed to really slow down this quarter. Anything in particular happen? 

Question_59:

    And finally, can you give us any color on how the shared national credit exam has gone, and are those results in your second quarter results or will they be in third quarter results? 

Question_60:

    Good morning. Just a couple of quick follow-ups.  I hate to focus on the leverage ratio, but just one question on the cash component. I think, by my calculation, if you were to exclude cash from the denominator, that would add almost 70 basis points to your leverage ratio. Do you think that that has any legs or any sticking with regulators, in terms of logic around excluding that? 

Question_61:

    Yes.  It would make some sense.  And maybe just getting to the FIC business, you alluded to it a little bit, some businesses benefit from volatility. Is it fair to assume that in June we saw things like foreign exchange and interest rate trading do better and credit and mortgages do worse, is that sort of the best way to think about it? 

Question_62:

    Yes.  Thank you very much. On your reserve ratios, right around 2%, and you had a lot of reserve releases in the quarter.  With credit improving, can you continue to do this type of releases in the next couple quarters or is that reserve ratio going to stick around 2%? 

Question_63:

    Good morning. So just looking at the hit to the OCI at $3.1 billion, it actually seems like it's less than would have been implied by the guidance that you gave at the Investor Day. Obviously, that was for a more severe shock, but just calibrating it relative to the number of basis points that the 10-year went up, et cetera.   Any comment on that? 

Question_64:

    And is part of the reason why, besides the fact that it was 100 basis point not a 230 basis point move or whatever, is part of the reason linked to the derisking of the Treasury portfolio that you were talking about as you prepared for the LCR? 

Question_65:

    Okay.  But then is there validity to the fact to the idea that if we recalibrate it for 100 basis points move versus the 230 basis points move that I think is implicit in that $15 billion number that you gave us in February, was the $3 billion in line with that or was it actually materially better?  And if so, maybe if it wasn't related to the LCR derisking, why did you have a better outcome? 

Question_66:

    Right.  Fair enough. As I think about the changes that you can make to the business that you referred to on page 4 to mitigate the impact of the leverage ratio changes, you talk about optimizing the use of central clearing, and yet there's also all these concerns about the disallowance of additional derivatives collateral. How comfortable are you that the way the rules are written right now, moving your derivatives business more towards central clearing really does, because of the collateral, give you a lot of relief on those leverage assets? 

Question_67:

    Right.  So I guess the logical next question for that is given the central clearing mandate which has started to be implemented recently, should we, and as we think about leverage ratio going forward, should we be thinking about a large part of that derivatives add in to the denominator of the ratio as basically being in run-off? 

Question_68:

    Fair enough. When you think about those leverage asset actions that you're talking about, is there any linkage of taking those actions that further benefits LCR? 

Question_69:

    Okay.  One last question I'll ask you is that, as I've talked with clients over the last couple of days about this leverage ratio issue, one of the questions that has come up is wouldn't it be possible to downstream more capital to the bank sub in order to deal with the 6% requirement there?  Obviously,  that incurs a double leverage issue, potentially. Your double leverage ratio right now is just over, I think it's like 1.05. I mean is there any room there? 

Question_70:

    Yes, just following up on Guy. It seems the thrust of the whole leverage ratio is that it's going to penalize the businesses that have the highest ratio of leverage ratio assets to risk weighted assets.  And can you give us an idea where that gap is the biggest, and in particular, also are any of these global businesses where this would give European banks a leg up? 

Question_71:

    Great.  Jamie, following up on that, it just seems like even the $100 billion of increase in deposits this quarter probably cost you 15 basis points in that leverage ratio.  And so is there any movement, do you think, during the comment period towards exclusion of any of the risk -free assets at all? 

Question_72:

    Right. Okay.  And maybe just a follow-up on the mortgage business. You talked about some of the financial impacts. Can we talk a little bit just about strategically what you're doing as you look at that business, and the competitive environment in a weaker refi environment? 

Question_73:

    Good morning. Two questions. First, on branch, on the branch banking network.  I know this back up in rates has been primarily at the longer end and we have not yet had a corresponding rise in short-term rates, but do you see any needs, at this point, to reprice products, et cetera, at the branch level due to consumer perception of rising rates? 

Question_74:

    Secondly, Jamie, you talked about the asynchronous nature of OCI, with OCI getting dinged now with the benefits of the future. Something else asynchronous is staring us in the face, and that's this loan loss reserve methodology possible change to expected lifetime loss. What are your thoughts about that? I mean, where does that stand in an implementation process, and would you really get dinged by that? 

Question_75:

    Well, do you have any sense, I mean, I realize that you're going to run the business for the business, but do you have any sense if this is going to happen and when it might happen? 

Question_76:

    Marianne, could you go back to Mortgage and talk a little bit about the quality of the demand you're seeing? At the beginning of the year, the industry was guiding down about 20% in terms of volumes and for next year, as well. Your numbers suggest that that's basically doubled; in other words, instead of 20%, we're looking at 30% to 40%, given rates. Would it be fair to say that the two factors are equal? 

Question_77:

    So you think there is definitely a price reaction out there among consumers? 

Question_78:

    But Jamie, back to your point about harmonization, when you look at the totality of the way regulators are treating mortgage, MSRs, for example, which have been rallying very strongly in the past few months, and your comments last year about Basel.  Should the US withdraw from Basel II?  It's so unfriendly to businesses that are very important to you and to the economy, particularly in Mortgage. What are your thoughts on that? 

Question_79:

    Thanks very much. Marianne, can we just go back to the sequential NII guidance? 

Question_80:

    Can you help me understand how much of that is coming, or what the attribution is between benefits to NIM versus loan growth? 

Question_81:

    So I guess a couple of thoughts then. Shouldn't, presumably then, the benefits to the funding costs should show up through NIM, no? 

Question_82:

    And just within the composition of loan growth, if you divorce out the credit card seasonality, it's been within a very stable range. What is it that, in your view, takes the loans out of the current range? 

Question_83:

    So in other words, your loan growth has been -- sorry, not your growth, but rather your loan balances have been between $725 billion and $727 billion or $728 billion very consistently for many quarters, if you divorce out fourth quarter credit card seasonality.   

Question_84:

    But it sounds like you have some expectation that starts to move out of that range in order to generate this improvement in NII?  I'm wondering what the driver of that is. 

Question_85:

    Got it.  And then just finally, on the third quarter guidance, is that consistent with or relatively better than your prior annual guidance of down 1%? 

Question_86:

    Yes.  Good morning. I have questions on a couple of topics.  Perhaps the first one, on Equity Capital Markets. Clearly, I think the volumes were up about 2% quarter-on-quarter, and I think we all expected you to outperform.  But it was an extremely good performance.  And I wondered if you could brag a little bit about how you achieved that and how much you thought was from the market share and perhaps how much is down to geographic split. That's the first question. 
The second one, I'm afraid, I'll get back on to leverage. I'm intrigued by the comments on page 4, which you've touched on in an earlier question on the Tier 1 capital actions, which you suggested would be perhaps issuance of some additional Tier 1 capital,  as it's becoming now called, AT1.  And I wondered if you actually had any indication yet, I know it's fairly early, from the regulator on what the terms of that new capital would have to be to qualify for Tier 1 under Basel III?  And then perhaps talk about the $14 billion to $15 billion of current hybrids that you have within the Tier 1 calculation, which obviously you're going to phase out, I think in some cases, if not all, through to end of 2018, and what your strategy is for the placing those.  
And just perhaps finally, I know Jamie's talked a lot about level playing field, and I asked him that last year on Basel III capital, but I'm just wondering actually the leverage ratio that you're looking to have to achieve now, whether it actually gives you a competitive advantage as opposed to a disadvantage, given 3% is pretty well being considered too skinny. Thanks very much. 

Question_87:

    Good morning.  Just quickly.  To be clear, on page 4, are you saying that your 4.7% leverage ratio is as of June 30 without any other assumptions or roll forward? 

Question_88:

    And congratulations for doing the work so quickly.  But secondly, Jamie, how will you as a company respond to the proposal? Are you in favor of it largely? Are you against it? Will you have a lot of proposed changes to it? 

