Answer_1:

          Yes, sure, Dara. Look, a few thoughts. Firstly, I think the most important thing we focus on as a starting point is making sure we are bringing the innovation, the marketing and the execution to bear for each customer such that the beverage category grows faster than their overall business. And that is the basis on which you get better in-store placements, execution, and the pricing conversation becomes more manageable because the end, you're -- in the end, you're creating disproportionate value for the customer. So that's the first objective.
The second point I would make is we -- perhaps different to some people, we are a very multichannel business. Yes, we have large presence in the grocery channel, but we have multiple other environments where we sell our beverages. And therefore, part of it is being in lots of different places that helps manage the pack/price architecture dynamics and creates value for all our customers in the different channels.
And I would perhaps leave a last third thought on the marketplace, which is, yes, some of the extra pressures are from private labels or the stratification of retailers' own strategy in pricing is somewhat of an emerging dynamic in the U.S., but it has been present in other parts of the world, and we have found ways to work with each of our customers to make it work for them and for us. So we are believers in our ability to create value for ourselves by creating value with the customers even in this ongoing changing environment.
And I'll leave you with the last thought, which is there's no one better positioned to understand this in the context of North America than Jim Dinkins because he's run the national sales company for the U.S. system for a large number of years. He's worked as -- leading accounts in lots of other channels, too. So he understands this dynamic very clearly, and he has been at the forefront of leading a team to build value with our customers in collaboration with our bottling system.

Answer_2:

          I -- well, I think the first and most important green shoot is to look at the performance once you get past the 12-month mark, by which I mean that it's much like having any new thing, management attention and focus gets heavily directed to new things. And so of course, you would expect better performance initially on refranchising, and we have got that in the vast majority of territories.
But I think the most interesting thing is that after 12 months when it's cycling and people have got the real hard work of building for the long term, we're still seeing the vast majority of the refranchised territories performing ahead of where they were before. So they've been able to build on the great refoundation work that CCR, in conjunction with the North American team, did. And the sorts of places we're seeing that performance coming from is not just doing better with the existing customers, which is true, but also in finding new customer outlets, expanding the universe of the customer outlets and performing better in the small formats, which in a way is partly the theory of the case of why refranchise to local partners.

Answer_3:

          Yes. I mean, I'm not going to get into the mathematical specificity, but I think, look, the headline is that as Coke Zero Sugar is coming to marketplaces, and particularly interesting those ones where it's been there for more than 12 months, a bit like my comment on refranchising, we're seeing continued acceleration of Coke Zero Sugar. It's lifting the whole franchise.
Yes, it is cannibalizing at times either Coke Light or sometimes Coke Original, but in the net, there is additional volume and additional consumers coming back into the franchise. I think it's unrealistic to expect cannibalization to be 0, but obviously, the key is that it be a net positive. So we're pleased with how it's playing out. It's slightly different in different countries, depending on the mix of the Coke franchise in those countries, but it's a net positive, and we are encouraged.

Answer_4:

          Okay. So I will take the first one, and James can decide if he plans to be generous or not.
So first of all, we separate those 2 programs, Ali, from the $3 billion program, the original program that we announced earlier and then the $800 million program that we added on. On the $3 billion program, I would say we are on target, that the productivity is clearly coming from 3 different places: cost of goods, DME and OpEx. And we have targets to do about -- around $400 million this year. And we had always said about half of that would be reinvested and -- to drive growth.
Of the $800 million program, that is associated with our lean enterprise activities. Those activities really just got started last quarter, so this year. So it -- they really will -- and we've said that you'll see the benefits of those in 2018 and '19, and they will be split between those 2 years. And again, about half of that will go to reinvestment, and half will hit the bottom line. So we are on target with both programs, and the lean enterprise programs have started off well so far. And we will plan to update you as we continue to go along.


          And if we have time, we'll come back to Topo Chico, Ali, so that we can respect everyone's one question at a time.

Answer_5:

          Sure. I mean, firstly, we over-index in terms of share, generally speaking, online. I think the second thing I would say is e-commerce is not one thing; it's a spectrum. And in part, what I mean by that is there are pure-play e-commerce players. There are bricks-and-mortars who have e-commerce. And you could say that's the omnichannel. There are aggregators -- remember, we're not just grocery. We work with a lot of restaurants, and there are all sorts of restaurant aggregator platforms and restaurants or some QSR chains have their own platforms as well.
So there's a wide spectrum of different versions of how consumers are interacting with customers that is digitally enabled. As I said, we very generally over-index. Our objective is to work with each customer, helping them drive value for the beverage category with their consumers. And generally speaking, we do better when that happens. And so you can see progress in the traditional grocery idea of e-commerce, whether omnichannel or pure play. You can see progress on restaurant or quick-service platforms.
So there's a lot of growth, a lot of activity. But in the simplest sense, it comes back to the central idea: if we can work with them to help the beverage business grow faster than their overall business and be a key participant, it creates a lot of value for them. And therefore, we have a lot of engagement with many of these companies on how can we help create value for them within the context of their strategy.

Answer_6:

          Yes. I think let me take them in pieces as each one is a slightly different story although I -- the headline is I'm hoping to see the light at the end of the tunnel by the end of the year. What does that mean? In Brazil, we've talked about the actions we've been taking around price/package architecture, around returnables, investing in new infrastructure, not overpromoting to try and protect the volume but to try and reestablish our price/pack architecture that's going to work for the medium term.
It's -- Brazil as a country is struggling or has struggled. There are some signs, as I commented on the script, of light at the end of the tunnel. FMCG is lagging durables a bit in that.
Am I completely happy in Brazil? No, I wouldn't say so. I think there's more that we can do that's within our control. But I'm still somewhat hopeful that, that will all play out by the end of the year and things will start bottoming out in the fourth quarter. It has been sequentially improving as we've gone through the year. I think with more focus and more effort, we can see this play through, and so it'll bottom out by the end of the year. We'll see, but I think the signs are encouraging.
Venezuela. Venezuela is really a very tough human situation. It's almost a tragedy. And I think that the simple reality is the fourth quarter of significant declines in Venezuela will be the fourth quarter this year, at which point it'll have got to -- it'll have shrunk to a size that it won't be able to impact our overall numbers to the same extent in 2018. I would love to think it's going to get better. I'm not hopeful in the short term, but I would say it's going to stop impacting our numbers heavily once we get into 2018.
And then Colombia, similarly to Brazil. So I think the sum of all that is what I said at the beginning. We've been through a very tough year. We've been taking action. We are happy with some of the things we've done. We've got more work to do in places. But the floor should be set by the end of the year.

Answer_7:

          I think there're a few questions in there, Judy. Look, I think as we disaggregate the categories, obviously, the categories intersect with the geographies. And so the story is not -- neither clean by geography nor by category. But let me try and add a little texture to what we see going on.
I think sparkling beverage growth got a little bit better volumetrically in the quarter, and I think that, that shows a slightly improving trend. So I think that's -- firstly, the sparkling has got volumetrically better. It's back to slightly across the 0 line, whereas it was negative at the beginning of the year, and that's coming with better revenue growth. So our focus on Coke Zero Sugar, the relaunch of Fanta, Sprite in some places, smaller packages, working with customers who are getting a better volume trend sequentially and good pricing. So I think there's good progress there.
In terms of juices, what we're really seeing there is doing a lot better on the top end, things like chilled juices, plant-based drinks, fairlife, the premium dairy, going strongly, would love to have more capacity to grow even faster. You're seeing some growth in the juice drinks end of the spectrum where there's some volume has come out. It's more in the nectars, and I think that's part of people converting up and converting down. So I think there's continued trend there.
In terms of teas, good growth there, volume growth, price growth. We're pleased with our performance in teas. We're going to continue to invest in tea.
Coffee, lots of up in coffee. In the U.S., we've launched our own brands. We've launched some brands in partnerships with some other players. All of those have gone successfully well. We've got new innovations coming. We did -- we had a bit of a bump in coffee in Japan in the quarter, not so pleased about that. But we have the plans in place to do better. The one where we have done less well, and it was a choiceful decision, is on water. In some parts of the world where we have been too heavily into very low-margin, large-bulk water, we have pulled back deliberately in the quarter, and that has affected some of our water growth rate numbers.

Answer_8:

          So yes. I mean, we're going to reaccelerate smartwater. Look, I think the key in terms of North America is to see a bit of a trend on the price/mix. You'll remember from last quarter, for example, that we talked about a point of the revenue growth was extra inventory in our fountain business ahead of the summer. Obviously, that's been backed out in the third quarter.
So said in simple terms, I think the easiest way to understand North America and look through inventory and look through natural disasters is, if they look to summer as the period, let's add the second quarter and the third quarter together and look at what we've got. And there, I could -- I think you can see revenue is 3% to 4%, price/mix is on average 3%, which is in line with the year-to-date trend and is in line with what we did in previous years, more or less.
But I think when you just look past some of the blips, what you see is an ongoing successful track record of driving the North American strategy; reinvigorating the portfolio; a focus on revenue; a focus on smaller packages; a focus ultimately that drives price/mix ahead of volume, with transactions ahead of volume. And I think that's what you saw once you ignore the blips in the third quarter. And so we're committed to our strategy, and we continue to drive it.

Answer_9:

          Look, I think we got -- the North American market is certainly one of the most competitive markets around the world. It's not just one large competitor we face. There are multiple competitors, large, medium and small. There's a lot of activity, a lot of innovation, a lot of jockeying.
In the end, we will continue to focus on our strategy. We have a clear strategy that's driving the portfolio inspired by the consumer, working with customers to create value for the beverage category and our underlying category because that includes all peoples, brands and products. We work with the customers to create value for the beverage category, which will drive ultimately growth. And I think that has shown that we have been able to gain share over the long term on a steady basis as we have deployed this strategy, supported, of course, by the increased and improved bottler execution investment through the refranchising.
It's a long-term game plan. I've commented on previous quarterly calls, will there occasionally be quarters where customers take certain decisions that cause disruption to that or competitors do? Of course, that may happen, and we will respond. But we believe in our strategy, we think it's the right long-term play, and we will always look to get back to it even if we respond to short-term actions.

Answer_10:

          I think the top part of the answer is it's -- all the pieces work together. It's about having the right portfolio for the consumers, the right marketing, the right innovation and the right execution. There's no question that when you bring all those things together, that's when you get the best possible result.
In terms of what better execution from the refranchised bottlers, I think that they have been able to build on the foundation that was created by the CCR team. That was -- we pushed more devolution of accountability, of empowerment down into the organization of this national bottling company. We were -- refounded some of the manufacturing, supply chain and executional processes.
And I think the local bottlers have been able to take that, bringing their passion, their entrepreneurialism, their local knowledge, and turned that into an even better result. As I mentioned earlier, that's typified by things like more outlets, typified by things like working better with the smaller formats, yet also, at the same time, being able to increase the degree of execution and service to some of the larger customers.
So it's been an ability to work across the board. It wasn't a silver bullet. It was, in fact, getting a little bit better across the spectrum, from the largest customers to the smallest customers, in support of our portfolio marketing and innovation plan.

Answer_11:

          So yes, it's safe to assume that we're going to invest where we see the opportunity for growth. And therefore, as the emerging markets begin to bounce back, I'm not sure they're all are going to bounce back to the same sort of degree as they were precrisis, but we absolutely will be investing to drive our market position. Now I would just underline that other than some situations very specifically, we don't tend to try and pull back very aggressively when markets turn down.
We, generally speaking, adopt the strategy of when there's a downturn, and particularly, in some of the emerging markets, it's better to invest through it to gain competitive position so that you're positioned even better for the upturn. So it's not the case that we pulled the cord on lots of markets. Having said that, as I said at the beginning, we will up the investment as we start to see the acceleration, and you can see that we've talked about things we started to do in India, things we started to do in China.
As we see the momentum starting to come back, we're investing behind those. Will it be across the portfolio? Yes. It won't be -- [shock them]. It needs to be focused on helping us achieve category leadership positions or near-leadership positions or driving new interest in consumer innovation in conjunction with the execution of our bottling partners. We're not trying to do more mediocre stuff. We're trying to generate good strong consumer brands, whether they be large or they be niche, whether they be profitable and they be successful.

Answer_12:

          I think, in Western Europe, we've had a very good start to the creation of CCEP. Yes, it was a little bouncy in the third quarter with some localized poor weather that offset the better weather that was in Q2. If you look past those blips, I think you see momentum in Western Europe coming back in and good growth.
I've talked previously about expectations on price/mix where in Western Europe, I think we can have, in comparison perhaps to the U.S., a little more volume growth and therefore a little more balance between volume and price in Europe as we go forward. The U.S. is more assertively looking for a package/price architecture mix-led part of the equation. So I think that the sustained idea for Western Europe is a balance.
In terms of China and Africa, there are slightly different situations. In Africa, clearly, there's more opportunity for expansion of the portfolio volumetrically although of course, there'll be a price/mix element. And China is, again, a place where we're looking to get -- rebuild the volume momentum with a moderate degree of price/mix.

Answer_13:

          Yes. I mean, there's -- I mean, clearly, the natural disasters in the whole Caribbean basin, whether we're talking Florida, Texas, Puerto Rico or Mexico with the earthquakes, all kind of occurred in the same quarter. So there's clearly an impact. I'm not going to attach a number to it because I'm not really a big fan of putting it all into the one-off temporary basket. But clearly, there was an impact.
The weather was a bit more miserable in the third quarter. And there is a bit of -- there was a bit of softening of consumer sentiment through the third quarter in Mexico. I don't think these are new enduring trends. I mean, certainly not the natural disasters, hopefully not, but nor is the consumer one. I think that will slowly reverse over the balance of the year. We'll see.
So I don't think there's a big issue in Mexico. Of course, it's one of those places, too, where we're looking to work on our price/package architecture and the full portfolio that we've developed as a system over the last few decades there to really be able to continue to drive revenue. And I think it was a strong revenue quarter for the system in Mexico, and I think that will continue.

Answer_14:

          Look, I think the leadership change in North America -- I mean, leaders don't last forever, and this is another one of those changes. There's a new chapter about to begin in North America. We've had a great run of a few years. We've successfully carried out a humongous refranchising task. And I think Sandy made the decision this time for a new leader, and I think Jim is the right person. He's got full portfolio experience. He's got marketing experience. He knows the customers across the whole spectrum, and he has the right capabilities as a leader to take us to the next stage of growth.
What does that need to be? Clearly, it needs to be about continuing to execute the strategy we've got in place. But like all strategies, they need to evolve. In the same way that company's global strategy evolves for the circumstances we face, so will the North American one. It's not just due to the fact of the leader changes that you know you need to continue to evolve and build new capabilities. We knew that before. We had some things under development. Of course, we'll learn new things, and we'll identify new ideas. So I think it's about a continued journey of the North American business. It's a great team. It's a great system. They've got their mojo back. They know they need to do more things to execute and complete the mission in the short term and to evolve and build new capabilities for the long term.

Answer_15:

          Yes. Look, I think it's not just a U.S. trend. You can look at Japan where arguably, beverage diversity is even greater than the U.S. But I think the central point is the following. If you look back over time and you look at what is the behavior of teens and young adults of each generation as it comes through, there's one key fact: each generation consumes and, importantly, buys more commercial beverages than the previous one. The second important fact is they do so across a greater variety of drinks. It's not that they buy more commercial beverages and drink ever-increasing amounts of the same thing. They go for diversity.
Therefore, you can see around the world that those places which have the highest amounts of disposable income, each generation is coming along and looking for that diversity. That's true in the U.S. It's true in Japan. It's true in other developed markets and other wealthy parts of even emerging markets. And so the learnings that are available are actually not just one-directional. They are actually from many different places across the world.
We've got to find ways to take new learnings from the U.S., from other parts, Japan, from Europe, from Australia and finding the best of the best and allowing ourselves to fuel the diversity of the portfolio yet understanding that, in the end, what grows are the global brands. I mean, the world, over the last number of years, has been typified, at least in beverages, by outsized growth by global brands and the entry of lots of new smaller brands. The bit in the middle was tougher.
So you either have to -- so you have to keep fueling the machine by having innovation and testing the frontier of variety yet, over time, graduating those to large-scale consumer franchises, not necessarily single-flavor franchises but consumer franchises.

Answer_16:

          Yes.


          Yes.

Answer_17:

          No, that's the wrong conclusion, Andrew. The simple answer is that the regulatory process in South Africa is not time regulated. And the fact is we got regulatory clearance in the last month or so, and that then led us to closing. And now we will proceed to work with our -- the prospective partners that are interested, and there's substantive interest. And when we say 2018, that's because it includes regulatory and closing approval. So that's the simple answer.
So I think that's it. That's time, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining in. To conclude, I think we delivered a solid quarter. We're on track to close out a successful year. And as always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us. And again, we look forward to sharing with you more during our Investor Day on November 16. Thank you.

