Question_1:

    Great. Thanks, guys. Just a couple questions. On the US gross margin performance, can you give us a sense of maybe what that REDcard impact was in the quarter?

Question_2:

    Okay. That's helpful. And then a longer-term question. You said for the year you're now thinking 2% to 2.5%. I assume that's still has a pretty modest view for comping in the fourth quarter. A, is that correct? And then secondly, when you think out beyond, do you guys think that maybe 2% to 3% is the longer-term comp profile for the business? Or do you think it could still be north of 3%, when you think of a more normalized environment, on an annual basis? Thanks.

Question_3:

    Okay, that's helpful. One last housekeeping. On the Canadian D&A, what do you think the run rate is for that, once you get out -- you've opened a bunch of the stores, once you get towards the end of the year, what kind of run rates were you thinking about for Canadian D&A? Thank you.

Question_4:

    Thanks for taking the questions. In terms of dissecting the comp in Q1, transaction trends as you mentioned were relatively stable on a two-year basis and did improve from Q4. But the units per transaction were down 50 basis points, and I think that's the first time since '09. Just wondering what would explain that decline, given the increase in the Remodel program from Q1 last year.

Question_5:

    Oh, I thought they were down 60 basis points. Maybe I'm missing something here.

Question_6:

    Okay. Got it. And then, Gregg, you'd touched briefly on the price matching, curious if you are seeing the number of requests for the price match change at all. And has there been any competitive response to that in the marketplace?

Question_7:

    Okay. Great. And then lastly on Digital, you're obviously seeing some nice traction, nice growth outside of the seasonal categories. Can you talk about the impact on margin for that sale today? Is it dilutive or is it accretive to the margin? What do you think that can -- how are you planning that over time?

Question_8:

    Thanks for taking my questions. First, I'm wondering if you can comment on sales in geographic areas that have more neutral weather like Florida. Were the transactions and the comps positive in those markets?

Question_9:

    In terms of the second-quarter guidance, do we assume that there's some incremental mark-down risk in seasonal categories? You did mention that within categories the rate improvement would be a little softer in the second quarter than the first quarter. So just wondering what the mark-down risk is in the seasonal categories.

Question_10:

    That's very helpful. Lastly, if we look at your operating expenses in the US Retail segment, growth, dollar growth, accelerated a little bit versus last few quarters. I'm assuming a lot of that is technology investments. But given the more moderated view of comps for the full year, could we see the dollar growth potentially come back down a little bit?

Question_11:

    Good morning, thank you. First question on Canada, understand that the gross margin rate of 38% is not the long run rate. But where do you think that settles out? And was the 38% above where you expected even adjusting for the mix that you saw?

Question_12:

    Of course. As the consumables business ramps up it mixes down. From a productivity perspective, can you tell anything yet on these first stores that are open, in terms of opening expectations relative to what you had thought? Or was it just too much hoopla that you can't discern anything yet?

Question_13:

    Okay, that's helpful. By the way, hoopla's a technical term we use here on Wall Street. (laughter)

Question_14:

    Secondly, on the credit, I actually thought the contribution, $105 million, while you explained it was low, seemed to me it was higher than I would have expected, especially given the bad debt reserve release last year. Is there anything there that reflects the $105 million profit share?

Question_15:

    So the $105 million was really a $210 million quarterly run rate?

Question_16:

    All right. I'll follow up offline with you on that, John.

Question_17:

    Finally, coming back to SG&A, the dollars were up I think $233 million. If I ex-out the credit difference of $36 million, the vendor allowance of $13 million, the technology spend, it still looks like the growth was pretty healthy. John, I know you mentioned that there's a lag in terms of how quickly you can get after that if sales are disappointing. Would you also expect some of the expense things you're doing on a longer term basis to impact that? I guess my question is, can we see better performance out of that line? Because sounds like 2Q guidance doesn't get us there.

Question_18:

    I guess the question that I have for you is a two-fold. It revolves around traffic. When you look at the initiatives that you have in place, REDcard and PFresh and you consider -- I understand the seasonal piece Q1 this year versus last year. But when you think conceptually traffic was down in the fourth quarter and that was down again in the first quarter, how do you get us comfortable with, essentially, the efficiency and the effectiveness of these initiatives over the longer-term period? The second question that I have is when you -- the lower comp assumption for this year, can you maybe just break down the traffic component in that new 2% to 2.5% expectation?

Question_19:

    Thank you so much. Appreciate all the color. Lot of conversation regarding mobile and digital traffic. Can you also talk about what conversion was like during the quarter?

Question_20:

    All right. Then a broader question. Can you talk about how you're positioning yourself in terms of taking advantage of the Affordable Care Act?

Question_21:

    Okay. And then I think Gregg touched on segmentation, how you're looking to match local taste and preferences. Where are you? I know there was a lot of work done in Canada, but where are you domestically in terms of that?

Question_22:

    Was there anything that you learned from Canada that you could go back and apply to the US? Or is it exactly what you expected and you're just continuing on the path?

Question_23:

    Good morning. Couple questions. First on the top line, in the Home and Apparel categories can you talk about the stacked comps that you had in the first quarter? And broadly how that has trended, those categories have trended over time, the past few quarters?

Question_24:

    That's great. Also, thinking about the EPS pressure from Canada, can you talk about how much of the expenses in the first quarter are one-time in nature, pre-opens and so forth? And as you think about the guide for the second quarter, a similar question, how much of that expense pressure is actually something that goes away in future quarters?

Question_25:

    And then one final one. In terms of being in the stores, it seems like at times you're actually too thin on inventory in some of the discretionary categories, whether that's Home or Apparel. What's the internal discussion around balancing rate versus balancing sales? And do you think that you've leaned too far towards the rate side? Thanks.

