Question_1:

    First question on the comp, John, I think you mentioned that it did get steadily better throughout the quarter. Any additional color you could give us there?   And then on -- were there any regional differences that you could potentially isolate in terms of where some of the transaction weakness was in the quarter? 

Question_2:

    Okay, got it.  And then you talked about some lower advertised prices in the circular, is this really just in Canada or is it also in the US, and is that some of the gross margin pressure that you're thinking about in the second half as you've done a very nice job in terms of a rate improvement in between categories over the last four or five quarters here? 

Question_3:

    Okay and then real quick, on the dilution in Canada, obviously up quite a bit here in 2013 from the initial expectation. Any way or ability to paint us a picture, I know you still remain confident in that five-year outlook on the progression towards that $0.80 in 2017? Thank you. 

Question_4:

    Yes, so the question is is there an ability to say that the Canadian business will be -- you believe the Canadian business may be accretive in 2014. 

Question_5:

    I wanted to follow up on Canada and then touch on the US. Just to make sure I've got that right, or maybe ask it a different way, John, if you look at the incremental Canadian dilution this year, how much of it is related to those items of clearance?  How much of it would be related to, if you will, start up costs or advertising?  How much of it do you think is just a different margin structure in the business to drive that frequency in trips? 

Question_6:

    Okay, great.  And then second, turning to the US, Kathee it was helpful to go through all the initiatives you have, and it seems like the issue that is bigger than anything is traffic staying negative versus what you guys would have probably hoped or expected a year or two ago. If we think about the traffic side of it more specifically, what in the back half do you think is going to help stabilize and improve that traffic trend, or is it just the way it is now, that this trip consolidation and that's the way the consumer is, and if we're getting comp it needs to be with more items and top line? 

Question_7:

    A quick follow up on Canada and then a couple on the US business, as well. Could you talk to the inventory overhang in Canada, the clearance that you spoke to, is that primarily also on frequency items, or is that more a discretionary product? 

Question_8:

    Okay, great.  And then in terms of the average transaction size, could you elaborate on which categories are benefiting from the larger basket and the trade up that you alluded to? 

Question_9:

    Okay, great.  And then lastly, if we look at some of the omni channel and multi-channel initiatives that are launching in the back half, is there any way to quantify the potential impact or potentially in your survey work you could talk to how much demand there is for these products, specifically on Click and Collect or Buy Online, Pick Up in Store? I know that's half of the volume in some cases for some of your competitors' Online businesses. Could you talk to how big you think that could be for you in the back half?  Thank you. 

Question_10:

    If you think about the spending in the first half of the year versus the back half of the year on marketing, and why the competitive environment, can you help us think about how that spending might take place in the back half versus the first half of the year? 

Question_11:

    Okay and with regards to Canada, can you elaborate a little bit on the announcement this week with regards to the metro partnership in Canada? 

Question_12:

    Okay, and then lastly, it seems like you have a unique opportunity with the REDcard to tailor communications between Canada and the US. You have almost 20% of your customer base. Can you talk about through e-mail and text what you're doing in terms of personalization? 

Question_13:

    I wanted to ask about Canada's gross margin again. I know there's been a few questions already. But if you did better on more of those discretionary items, and I guess there was some shortfalls store by store, in terms of certain seasonal items coming through. Is this -- how is this, I guess, affecting maybe some of your plans? Are you adding more planograms? Is that going to add to the SG&A cost to service all these stores, if it's just different demand for different products? And just reflecting how diverse Canada actually is, or is it just weather effects, and what have you learned from that process? 

Question_14:

    Okay, and then I wanted to ask on the US side about the efforts to increase service, omni channel, flexible fulfillment, and all those things, obviously that costs a lot to implement and the way I see it, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, you're very centralized already.  So, should we think about this is just necessary to keep sales growing? And maybe it comes in at a lower margin or are there areas that you could offset that impact? 

Question_15:

    Could you maybe elaborate on that? I know that you talked a bit about that there's the compensation accrual and that that helped, but then you also mentioned that you were better on payrolls. Is that something where you think there's more room to go in terms of the in-store labor, or is that something where you really wouldn't want to push too hard on because of the potential implications on revenue?  And if that's the case, where else could the savings be, if it's not the store? 

