Question_1:

    I wanted to start right with REDcard and traffic. That's a trend this year that has gotten locked in at this down 1% to 1 1/2%, and you gave some goals a few weeks ago where comps would be 2% or better over the next few years. How do you get to the 2% over time if traffic is still down 1% to 1 1/2%? What initiatives with REDcard or anything else do you have to really get that traffic stabilized? 

Question_2:

    A direct follow-up to that. I know that with all the multi-channel initiatives -- and you outlined them all in the call -- how have you changed how store managers and associates are incentivized so that they give the level of service to the online guest that is coming to pick up in-store?  Do they get credit for that? Or how should we look for that to be changing going forward? 

Question_3:

    Is that true if I have it shipped to my home? 

Question_4:

    Kathee, just on the average ticket side -- Greg was talking about transactions, but just to get to the ticket -- there has sequentially been a pretty nice acceleration in AUR throughout the year, and you talked a little bit in the third quarter, electronics impacting that with the UPT being down. 
As you plan the business into the fourth quarter, would you still expect your AUR to be up 3% and UPT to be down? Or how should we think about the dynamics that's driving average ticket? And also that points to, if AUR is up -- which points people are maybe buying up, you are moving them up -- how do you square that with the consumer that is constrained? 

Question_5:

    Got it. 
And my question related to this, Kathee -- and it gets back to the trip issue. With what you have seen with Cartwheel, what trips is that group -- you've seen an extra trip, and how do you really jump on that at a faster rate to drive trips the way you did with REDcard? 

Question_6:

    Great, thanks. I have a couple-part question here on Canada. I think most of them are related. 
John, I think you talked about the gross margin being impacted by some inventory issues in Canada late in the quarter. Can you just give us a little bit more color there on what happened there? 
And then maybe also outline where are some of the pockets of excess inventory that you are looking to move through? And then, secondly, are there any signs of hope in the business, or glimmers of hope that you can point to, whether it's by region or category, that are going better than expected at this point in that market? 

Question_7:

    That is helpful, thank you. 
And then just secondly on the, in terms of expense optimization in the US business, looks you guys did a great job of controlling that there in Q3 -- maybe even below what you would expect moving forward. Do you feel like you're in the right position now there? What type of comp do you feel like you need right now to leverage that SG&A moving forward, maybe in Q4? And then the first half of 2014? Thank you. 

Question_8:

    Good morning. My first question relates to Canada. 
What kind of insight can you give us into the average number of stores opened over the course of the quarter as it relates to timing of openings? Just to give us the ability to measure an accurate sales productivity number.  We have (inaudible) to try to get sales per store and sales per foot, but the growth is moving so quickly on such a small base that it is very easy for those numbers to get distorted. 

Question_9:

    That would be very helpful. 
 Second question I would ask relates to the electronics business. Clearly, the video cycle is here and is very prominent, and I know that mobile is still a relatively new business for you. If you look at the legacy consumer electronics businesses, and you mentioned tablets -- I know you had a fairly high profile promotion recently, and TV, and other businesses that have less industry-wide going on year on year. What has your experience been in those categories? Or what was it for the third quarter and what's your sense of the promotional environment here in Q4? 

Question_10:

    Thanks, good morning. 
Wanted to follow up on the Canadian and gross margin, and just your thoughts about how that proceeds going forward. I think originally you had talked about the Canadian gross margin being above the US. I always interpret that as maybe a couple hundred basis points above the US rate. But you have these competing factors right now where the markdown pressure is a negative, but the mix factor is a positive. 
As you look into the crystal ball, how do think -- how might -- are your gross margin expectations shifting, based on those two competing factors over what the long-term opportunity could be, relative to the your original expectations? 

Question_11:

    And then you mentioned that some of the early-cycle stores were starting to exceed your expectations a bit. I had a really interesting chart at the Analyst Day that talked about where the expected ramp in the stores initially versus where it is sitting now. 
Could you just reference for us what you mean by exceeding your expectations a bit? Is that versus your original expectation on first-year sales versus what you rethought? 

Question_12:

    And then one quick last one -- can you share with us what your share in the gaming category is in the US? 

Question_13:

    Can I ask about the comps?  I just want to get your thoughts on a few of these items, if you would quantify them. So one is how much of the shift from the timing of the calendar between Q3 and Q4  in your reporting benefited the current quarter that was reported and pulled forward from Q4? 
And then get your thoughts about, if you think there's any impact on comps from SNAP, whether that is directly in your food sales or your general merchandise sales? If you'd quantify what kind of uplift you expect from video games? And also one thing that didn't come up yet -- but lower fuel prices, how you're thinking about that? 

Question_14:

    I guess the video game cycle itself. What kind of comp uplift you would expect just from that?  And the last part of that was about fuel prices coming down -- if you see that as a benefit for yourselves or not? 

Question_15:

    If I can ask one more about comp trends.  The apparel part of the business -- it sounds like the branded stuff is going well for you. Can you talk about your private label trends in apparel?  Is that maybe where some of the weakness is? What you're doing to try to turn that around? 

Question_16:

    Good morning. 
Just looking at the US business from a gross margin standpoint. If we exclude the vendor agreements accounting shift, I think gross margins would have been down about 50 basis points year over year. Can you prioritize, or rank for us the impact from markdowns versus category rate pressures and other factors? And just how we should think about that going into the fourth quarter, given the promotional intensity? 

Question_17:

    Okay, so improved performance on gross margin in 4Q versus 3Q experience? 

Question_18:

    Got it. 
And then lastly, on Canada, you mentioned that there was a lot of markdowns in inventory.  Is some of the gross margin hit also related to price investments being made in certain categories? If you can just give us an update on that, along with a reminder, John, on what the drag was from start-up expenses in Canada this year. 

