Answer_1:

    Sean, I think a lot of the things that I talked about today with product as well as with in-store experience and our mobile experience, those are really the key things for us to help drive people to shop at Target beyond the food you talked about and, of course, the REDcard.

Answer_2:

    Yes, in stocks have been rock solid for quite some time, and in terms of product, I would tell you that we're always making adjustments to what we carry in stores. We learn what's selling and what trends are picking up steam, things like organics and better for you products, so that's a never-ending thing that we work on.

Answer_3:

    We are expanding the assortment right now. I don't have a date for you in terms of when we will get our whole assortment up online, and right now we're focusing on the most popular items and categories, so we recently added pets for example. And we will just continue to expand as we learn more and more about that program.

Answer_4:

    Sure, inventory up about 10% year-over-year, and you could roughly think about that split about equally between Canada and the US. Canada obviously, we're just in a different place than we were a year ago. We built inventories all year as we opened stores.
I would tell you in Canada we feel much, much better. We feel very good about the progress we made in the fourth quarter clearing excess inventory. The average inventory per store in Canada from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter went down about 30%, so we still have some lingering issues in Q1 with some long receipts but feel very good about the inventory there.
In the US, I would tell you the merchant team did an outstanding job reacting to the change in sales, and our inventories are in excellent shape. This is the time of year where in February, we are changing lots of things in the store, and frankly depending on where you snap the line for year-end relative to our receipts, we see inventory move around a little bit. If you go back over the past couple of years, our inventory per store in the US is up about 3% versus two years ago, so this is really more timing than anything else, and we feel very good about the inventory position.

Answer_5:

    Well, we should go offline and review where you are, where you think we are versus our credit rating and where we think we are versus our credit rating. We've actually run pretty close to our credit rating not just last year, which was even higher, but for the past several years.
So our view is that we think we can do -- given our plans between $1 billion and $2 billion. We need to see our business results improve over the next couple of quarters.
We're starting to see that in February as we eluded to, and then also gave little bit of a view into what the potential costs are that may be coming our way as a result of the breach. But given all of that, we still think somewhere between $1 billion to $2 billion beginning in the back half of the year for the year makes sense.

Answer_6:

    As we said, it's not estimable at this time. What the potential cost of the breach is and given where we are in the process, it'd be inappropriate for me to speculate.

Answer_7:

    Just to be clear, that was insurance receivable, so we haven't actually received payment, but we feel pretty -- we feel very likely to receive payment for a portion of the expenses we incurred in the fourth quarter. What we can say about insurance right now is at this point we think there's $44 million of insurance that we will receive, and to the extent that number changes, we will be back to you to provide more information.

Answer_8:

    Yes, in traffic your view of what happened post the breach is pretty accurate, and we have seen traffic continue to improve and firm up, and definitely throughout February we've seen traffic firm up. And as we said, sales have improved, and a big part of that has been traffic. On the REDcard, what we've seen is -- and Kathee talked about this a little bit.
In our core guests, REDcard guests, they've continued to shop with us. And we've seen very strong, very strong sales from that. REDcard penetration continues to grow meaningfully, hundreds of basis points year-over-year, and to the extent we're not growing where we used to, that's driven by new accounts, so the guests who have REDcards continue to shop our stores.

Answer_9:

    As has been the case over the past couple the of years, the penetration growth comes from new accounts.

Answer_10:

    Great question, Matt, and it's -- analyzing weather isn't a perfect science. I would tell you when we see in the Midwest and the Northeast, when we've seen these weather patterns go across the country, the spread is significant between the two, but ultimately as that passes, we see them restabilize and everything come back to normal.
But the difference while it is going on is pretty dramatic. It's in single digits difference, but it would be high single digits.

Answer_11:

    We're always working on inventory accuracy, and that is a combination of how we use our systems as well as the processes in store. And so it's been less of an issue to date as we get into some of the additional categories, things like beauty where there's a lot of SKUs -- excuse me, we've got to make sure that the accuracy is there.
I will tell you apparel, while we've had good results there, it's a little bit harder. Partly accuracy, but partly being able to find the exact size when it's not in a [planagrammed] environment, so there are a few challenges for us to figure out, but overall I would tell you that our guest response has been very positive in the survey comments that they have back to us, they really love the service.
So, yes, we will keep working on accuracy to make sure we can fulfill as many orders as possible, but so far we're very pleased.

Answer_12:

    First, the comparison to last year we have to be a little bit careful. There's a 53rd week in there. That's a relatively low volume week which creates a little bit of distortion year-over-year.
But I think as I said, we continue to work very hard on store productivity ensuring that we're driving great guest experience and in stocks, but also improving our productivity, and then all of the expense optimization efforts continue to go on, and some portion of that will fall to the bottom line. Some portion of that goes to gross margin, and some portion of that gets reinvested in the business as we invest in multi channel technologies supply chain. But I think flat to up slightly is probably about the best way to think about it.


    Thank you.

Answer_13:

    We didn't give a number, but I will tell you it was very positive above the industry and slightly above 20%.


    Like the rest of the business, it was impacted by the breach as well.

Answer_14:

    It's -- from our perspective, we've got to up our game on all fronts. It starts with delivering great content, great in stocks. Our team is more engaged than ever from a service standpoint both on the sales floor and at the lanes, and we're going to deliver as Kathee said just some eye popping, irresistible deals.
So we're going to really up the ante as it makes a statement on our unbeatable pricing proposition which we have. We've price matched the competition, and we run our circulars, and with our 5% REDcards rewards program, our value proposition is unbeatable. We're just going to call greater attention to that, and selectively we're going to go out and be more aggressive in that regard, so it's the combination of all of those elements.

Answer_15:

    Sure, mix in Canada continues to be stronger in apparel and home, and we expect that to moderate through time. We ultimately think the mix there will be stronger than what we see in the US, but a lot like our high volume stores in the US, our urban stores in the US, we see a higher mix of home and apparel sales. That will moderate through time because we want to drive the frequency categories.
That's what we're working on the team in Canada. Ultimately as they're successful in driving conversion, commodities, groceries, food, all those categories, we will see that mix moderate.
I think we'll see margin, we expect to see some volatility. Q1 for instance, the margin rate won't be at 30%, but it will be significantly improved from the 4.4% we recorded in the fourth quarter. So we will make progress, and you should expect to see that throughout the year, and of course back in fourth quarter next year we will be down a little bit from that 30% as is typical in our US business given that time of year.


    Okay. We have time for one more question, please.

Answer_16:

    Chris, we don't break out promotions individually. It was a big time of year, and the number was relatively large, but in the big scheme of the fourth quarter, I would tell you it's not material.

Answer_17:

    There's $200 million that we recorded in 2014, we will annualize on that. Or 2013, excuse me. We'll annualize on that next year, and the savings came from all over the corporation.
There were savings in gross margin around transportation expenses. That will grow again in 2014. There were savings -- really it's hard to pin it down. It was literally across the entire organization where we looked at things.
We looked at how we sourced product and aligning our non-retail product that we sourced and services and making that look more like we do in merchandising, and we saw significant savings there from our sourcing. There's more to do there, and we will see that grow in 2014 as well. As Gregg said, it was literally across the entire organization where we were focused on stopping things that we didn't need to do, and if we did need to do them, improving productivity.

Answer_18:

    The chip technology makes it such that using the account numbers without the card becomes very much more difficult, and so the desire to obtain those card numbers goes down significantly. What we've seen in other countries that have adopted chip technology is fraud rates go down dramatically for in-store transactions, and I think in the UK or Europe, I can't remember exactly, down like 60% once chip technology was enabled. So the desire for those account numbers becomes less desirable.

Answer_19:

    Chris, we're in the middle of an investigation, and we can't talk about the specifics. We continue to learn. There will be learnings that come out of that investigation, and from those learnings, we will take action, and that's about what we can say today.


    Okay. Well, that concludes Targets fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

