Answer_1:

    Matt, all I can tell you is what we're focused on going forward, and Kathee and I and the whole leadership team have been talking to the team for the past couple of weeks about our focus on driving the Business forward. And we have three key objectives: drive sales and traffic in the US; accelerate our operational improvement in Canada, and ultimately our business performance; and then third, accelerate our transformation and get to be a leading omnichannel retailer in the US. And that's where we have the teams focused.

Answer_2:

    Matt, as you know, when sales get out of -- when sales aren't on expectation, and inventories get a little heavy, they get lumpy. So, there's areas where we're a little bit heavier than we would like; there's areas where we are a little bit lighter than we would like. And we're working to, I'd say, balance all of the inventories. And a lot of it, frankly, will be dependent on: Do we meet our sales objectives? In the first quarter, a little bit light, but not materially so. And if we continue to hit our sales objectives, I think we will see our inventories smooth out over the course of the year and be in a manageable position for the remainder of the year.
I don't know if there's anything you'd add, Kathee?


    The thing that I would add, Matt, is we're working on making sure that our forecasts are accurate. And then, as we buy into them, that we've got chase and cancel plans built in, so that we're able to react in-season versus what we've done this past year without any history and having to react at the end of the season to clear more. So, we are still lumpy; we still have product to clear, but we're getting our arms around that forecast, and I think that will help us as we move through the year.

Answer_3:

    Sure, on the first question of the CEO search, certainly that's under the Board's purview, and I would tell you, rather than focused on time, they are focused on getting the right individual to lead the Company, as I said, to become an omnichannel retailer. So, that's their focus; and the time will take as long as is appropriate to get the right person.
On the second one, on share repurchase, and specifically related to the potential breach liabilities, getting visibility to that in the second half a year, there's a process that is agreed to with the networks. They get some information from their forensics investigator, and then they go through a process to evaluate incremental fraud where we may have potential liability. And then they come back to us after a period of time. And as we've looked at that historically, we've seen that that's taken several months, and that's why we get to the third quarter. We don't have, frankly, Bob, a lot of visibility to that, but as I said, as we looked at other incidents, that's what we've seen in the past for timing of when some of those potential liabilities may become more clear.

Answer_4:

    Sure, I will talk maybe a little bit about where we are today, and Kathee can talk about what we're doing to drive growth there. The sales in our business, somewhere between 2% and 3% digital channel originated -- probably in the 2.5% range right now.
REDcards: Given the free shipping online, we have a lot of our REDcard guests shopping online. And I think, we talked in the past, Greg, we have a very high penetration of online orders that we free ship because of that REDcard. We think it's absolutely the right incentive or part of that loyalty package for REDcard, but it drives a very high penetration
And, Kathee, you can talk about where we're going.


    In terms of growth, Greg, mobile is where we're really focused, and about two-thirds of our traffic right now comes from mobile. So, we're really pleased with the results that we've seen there, not only in traffic but also conversion. We did improve conversion, both on the site and on mobile, and in total. And you know that mobile conversion is lower than site conversion. So, that headwind from the mix is there, but we still improved overall conversion. So, we're happy with that.
There's also a lot of new things that we're doing. Certainly there's product introductions; I talked about the furniture a few minutes ago. There's always new stuff that we're adding on the site. We're expanding. We've got almost all store product online now set up online; lots to be sold online. But now we're adding out in other areas where we should have a much larger selection, and we think online is the place to do that; things like apparel, home, beauty.
In addition to that, there's a lot of services that we are adding that are doing really well. We've talked about buy online, pick up in store; subscriptions has been really successful for us. We started last Fall with about 150 SKUs, and those items -- our online sales were about 15% in subscriptions, with no marketing, just beta on the site.
So, we've now got about 1,500 items; and by June, we will have 5,000 items that will be available for subscriptions. And when guests purchase those items, they will be able to get a 5% discount for signing up for subscriptions. So, a lot of product and a lot of services that go with that, to drive our growth.

Answer_5:

    Yes, if you mean for an annual number, getting to an annual positive traffic number, very difficult. We're working hard on increasing traffic for each of the quarters, and I think our benchmark is: Are we seeing continued improvement in traffic as we go sequentially? But for the full year, even if we just pick a number, ran a 1% comp, I don't think we will see positive traffic for the year.

Answer_6:

    I don't think there's a target level of investment. I think, first, from a CapEx standpoint, our approach has been: We're going to invest in all the investments the business needs to grow profitably and generate appropriate returns. The length of time over which those returns occur -- we have a very long lead time as we think about capital investment. Stores have a very long return cycle, so we're used to making investments that pay back over a long period of time.
From an expense standpoint, I think there probably the biggest investment and where you will see us accelerate is in speed, and doing more testing and learning. And that's not just digital, but also in our store -- just getting more activities out into the Business that we're testing, we're modifying, and adjusting and improving on. And if it doesn't work, pull it back and retreat from that and learn from the testing.
I think the best example of that is Cartwheel. We put that out in beta; we knew there were things about the app that we didn't particularly like. Our guests let us know what they didn't like about the app. The team iterated and iterated, and one year later, and really not with much marketing until more recently, we have 7 million users, and the app has evolved as our guests have provided us feedback.
And as Kathee talked about, a lot of the merchandising initiatives in baby and in apparel and in toys and in electronics, that's the same approach we take, and get it out in the stores, modify it, test it somewhere else and modify it, and then we will move to scale. So, those are the investments we will see in expense, and I don't think that is limited by some false number of expense dollars we have to allocate toward it. It will be driven by the appropriateness of what we're testing.


    The thing that I would add to that, Matt, the reason for getting more out, historically we've tended to work on our newness until we felt we got it to an almost complete level and then we would put it into pilot. The point now, and John's point about Cartwheel and some of the in-store things that we're doing, we want to get it in front of our guest very quickly, get their reaction to it so that we're fine tuning it much more quickly and then able to move out -- to roll out at a much faster pace with a product and a service that we know our guests will love.

Answer_7:

    Yes, as we said, we continued to see improvement across the Business into April, as the guest data improved and our sales performance improved. And the early cycle stores continue to be the best. And it's, again, almost in order down the sheet: cycle one, cycle two, cycle three, cycle four, cycle five.
So, the earliest stores, the longer they have been open, they perform the better. But the good thing is: All cycles on an upward path. We're not where we need to be, and we're not where we need to be versus our expectations, but it's good to start to see some progress.


    I think the key to each of those cycles and improving them is getting this history under our belt, and now we can forecast more accurately as we move forward. And as John said, we're very committed to accelerating our performance in Canada, and we think that it will continue to go by cycle as it has this past year.

Answer_8:

    I will take the second one, and then Kathee can answer the first. On sales tax, we definitely see an impact when Amazon collects sales tax, and particularly in states that have much higher sales taxes to begin with, where essentially the price differential is much more meaningful. So, we've definitely seen that impact as we've watched them collect sales taxes across the country.
And, Kathee, you can talk about the rest.


    In terms of our online business, the part that I'm very encouraged about is that, as comScore reports when we look at traffic on our site versus the top seven retailers, we led by far. And obviously, Amazon has a lot of traffic, but it was flat in the quarter, and ours was up considerably. So, I'm pleased with that the changes that we're making to the site with the user experience and the added product that we're adding is driving that guest behavior and that we're seeing the traffic.
Clearly, Amazon is doing very well, and they have, in the consumables category, a lot of business. We are now ramping that up, starting with the more style-related consumable business. If you think beauty, for example, you will see us pushing forward there faster versus grocery, which we're doing dry grocery now, but we're not working on refrigerated and frozen at this point.

Answer_9:

    At this point, I don't think we're ready to commit to what that will do from a financial perspective. Our main focus right now is what will most resonate with our guest; getting pilots out in beta so that we can learn and experience from them. Ultimately, we have to work to be profitable on all of those. But our main goal right now is sales driven and understanding guest behavior so that we can then tailor the assortment to suit them and be profitable at it.
I will tell you I've been really pleased with some of these new initiatives and how rapidly our guest is responding to them. Store pick-up is the biggest because it's now rolled out. But ship from store, which was really a Minneapolis team member test so far, we're going to be expanding that in June and make that guest-facing, having that $10 rush delivery in Boston, Minneapolis and Miami. And based on our team member response and the feedback that they gave us, I think that this will also resonate with our guests. So I'm really excited to see where that goes.
And then, later in the year, we're going to be adding standard shipping from 135 stores in about 38 markets, and that will allow faster delivery, not the express that I just talked about, but 1- to 2-day delivery, and as well as provide access to the store assortment that you can't get right now on Target.com. So, lots of good things happening. Not yet ready to say what it means in terms of our sales or our profit.


    I think Kathee's exactly right. Not ready to give a lot of guidance on sales profit and how it will all work out. But I would tell you, broadly, regardless of where the profit margin rates end up, pushing incremental sales across our existing assets will be a very good thing for return on invested capital, and we're very excited about that.
And with that, I think we have time for one more question.

Answer_10:

    Well, I think the point is that we want to accelerate newness and innovation in this interim period here. We've talked about: interim doesn't mean idle. We are approaching our Business with as much passion and focus on improving results as we always have.
And in terms of this structure, I think, as John mentioned, focusing on our top three priorities and having this merchant team really focused on the US, improving US performance, and leveraging deep, functional expertise to be able to speed up that innovation and newness. So, for example, putting all of our style business together, both merchandising and design all under Trish Adams; having our essentials and hardlines business all under Jose Barra. Having all inventory and all operations under Keri Jones, and then our omnichannel efforts all under Casey Carl, are really important to be able to leverage that expertise and move very quickly in improving our results.

Answer_11:

    I will just tell you that the Board has been very supportive on these changes. We've talked at length about getting the right people in the right chair to be able to drive our performance, and we're really pleased with this structure and the people that we have leading these teams.

Answer_12:

    As we've been focusing on irresistible deals for our guests, we've invested in both sides. I gave you the example of the Coke ad that we ran in, I think it was in March, but we've also done broad categories on the want side like the ultimate Spring break sale or our baby sales. We're looking at really needs and wants, and how do we invest in both sides to be able to delight our guests, and we've had great success in both categories.


    Thank you.


    Thanks. Well, that concludes our first-quarter 2014 conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

