Answer_1:

          Wayne, let me start by answering your first question. My focus, right now, is to really understand the business in both the US and Canada. And I'm spending a lot of time with John and Kathee and the team to understand the guest perspective on Target, how we improve our traffic, how we enhance our performance in Canada, and how we continue to build out -- and rapidly build out -- our omnichannel capabilities. So I'm very focused on making sure that we're going to make progress against those key three initiatives, as I continue to look at the broader and longer term strategic options. So my focus is really understanding the business today and strategy before we have any discussions around organization modifications, going forward. 


          And then Wayne, in terms of the unit per transaction, most of that was driven by higher dollar items that we were selling -- things in electronics and in entertainment. So you see the healthy selling price, as you mentioned, but fewer units. The other portion of that, I would say, is that we are seeing really good momentum in our trade-up strategies. So we are selling, in some cases fewer units, but higher price points in other categories across the Company. But it's predominantly electronics and entertainment. 

Answer_2:

          Yes, David, there's no doubt that with e-commerce being as immature as it is, there is some pressure on gross margin. We are committed to going where our guests go, and they want to be able to shop online. And we are going to make sure that we've got all the right products for them, both online and in our stores. That does give us a little headwind on the gross margin. But as you pointed out, all of the newness that we're bringing in -- the things that our guests love most about Target -- that helps to offset it. So we don't have a number to share with you today, but we are very focused on driving sales, going where the guest is, and offering them those products that delight them. 

Answer_3:

          On the gross margin rate, I think Kathee said it really well. We're going to go where the guest is and meet them -- provide the product they want, where they want it, when they want it, and how they want it. But there's a lot of tools in our tool kit to manage gross margin rate. There's certainly the product that Kathee talked about -- emphasizing the style categories with newness and differentiation. Beyond that, there's the flexible fulfillment options, where we lower shipping expense by moving the product closer to our guest. And also, ultimately, balancing inventories better across the entire network and reducing mark downs that we incur today. 
So there are lots of puts and takes. And like Kathee said, we don't have it all sorted out today. We'll provide more information as we do. But I think there are lots of puts and takes, as we think about gross margin rate more broadly. 
On the store hourly payroll -- first, on the extended hours, the investment there was immaterial to the quarter. Again, that was about half the stores adding one hour of operations. So not significant investment there. But with Tina Schiel, our Head of Stores, we continually talk about ensuring that we're striking the right balance between productivity in those stores and we have great guest service results. What we see today, our guest survey scores are as high as they've ever been, and the team continues to drive really strong expense control. So we feel good about where we are today. But we constantly evaluate that. 

Answer_4:

          Matthew, as I mentioned earlier, I spent time just last week with the Canadian team. And I'm certainly aware that the expansion has been challenging. And from a Target standpoint, we've disappointed many of our Canadian guests. Kathee's already referenced the fact that we're conducting an in-depth evaluation of our Canadian business. That began several months ago. And we're certainly looking to make material improvements in that business. 
Right now, short term, the focus is on improving in-stock conditions, our pricing, and assortment and really ensuring that we've got plans in place to improve our performance in the holiday upcoming. So you can expect me to be spending quite a bit of time with the Canadian team, along with Kathee, to make sure we understand the opportunities; we understand the challenges that we have to address; and we're focused on improving in-stocks, our value position, and assortment as we go forward. So I'm going to spend, clearly, the balance of the year working very closely with that team to make sure we've got plans in place to improve performance as we go into the holiday season. 

Answer_5:

          We did add it to the chain all at the same time. We don't have any markets that are more mature. We did do a little testing with team members in Minneapolis before we rolled out. But basically, we rolled it all around November 1 of last year to all stores. And we have been very pleased with the results from buy online, pick up in store. And about 14% of our digital sales today are being picked up in store. 
And then when they go to store to pick up those orders, we're seeing about 20% of those guests shop in the store to pick up additional items. And there's a very healthy basket with that, as well. So still early, but very promising. We think it saves guests time, it saves them money, and it allows them to consolidate their shopping. 

Answer_6:

          Yes. Sure. You're right. It was -- the goal for expense optimization -- about $650 million incremental to last year, which gets us to $850 million total. Of the $650 million this year -- just rough numbers -- about $200 million of that was on the gross margin line, coming out of cost of goods. More of that back-weighted than front-weighted. We're probably about a little bit more than a third of the way through that. Probably a little bit more than that -- maybe half the way through that. So there was definitely some benefit in the quarter from expense optimization. That was also true in the first quarter. Both quarters have benefited. But later in the year, we'll see more benefit as we continue to grow those savings. 

Answer_7:

          Yes. It builds as the year goes on. We're annualizing on the, roughly, $200 million we saved last year. That was primarily SG&A. There's probably a little bit more good news in SG&A right now, but that will continue to build, as well, as we go throughout the year. 


          Thank you. Good to be back, Greg. 

Answer_8:

          Greg, I'm going to quickly immerse myself in the details of the business, both here in the US and Canada. And John and Kathee and the leadership team have already spent hours with me walking through a lot of the strategic work that they've been doing over the last 90 days. As I said earlier, during my very first week, I visited the Canadian market to spend time with that team, and I want to be a good student of the business. But clearly, we have to have a sense of urgency here and a sense of pace. And while I want to study the business and, certainly, listen and learn from our team, no one is happy with our current performance. 
And our focus, right now, is to make sure we've got plans in place in the short term to improve traffic. We've got plans in place to improve our performance in Canada. And we've got to continue to move faster, from a digital and mobile standpoint, to meet the needs of our guests. So you can expect a clear sense of urgency. But I, certainly, want to make sure I give myself the time to listen, learn, understand the business, both from our team's standpoint but also from the eyes of the Target guest. And you can expect me to dive in very quickly to understand the business, to look for the opportunities, and to work with the leadership team to develop very focused priorities, as we go forward into 2015 and beyond. 


          Thank you, Greg. 

Answer_9:

          Yes, Matt. I think it's more about product and the newness that we have on the floor for back-to-school, back-to-college. We've seen both of those start off really strong. Even in their peak weeks, those stores are doing better the week after their peak. So we're seeing it stronger in the peak and then get even stronger after that. So I think it's really product related and newness. Certainly, we've had promotions. Most of them are devoted to those core categories like apparel, some of the back-to-college items. But the guest, right now, is more focused on the occasion than they are on the promotion. So that is very encouraging to us, and I think it's product-driven. 


          Matt, if I could, just early days -- but the current performance on back-to-school and the way Kathee and the team have put back-to-school together at Target has been very impressive to me. And I think it's a great example of getting the product right, the right balance of newness and innovation, great advertising communication that really captures the guest's attention, and very strong in-store and online execution. So I think that's one of the great examples that we're going to continue to build from, as we go forward. I think Kathee and the entire team have brought back-to-school to life -- back-to-college to life -- with the right products, the right newness and innovation, great advertising communication to support it, and then very strong in-store and online execution. 

Answer_10:

          UPT down 8% in Canada, Matt. I think a lot of that -- what I would tell you is, a lot of noise going on in the Canada comp, overall. So much of the surge last year, we saw very different types of transactions than we saw once we moved past that, as we opened stores. We saw that in each cycle. Very different behavior for those -- I don't know -- four to six weeks when we had the surge period. And then, as the business settled down and got into a more normal state, we saw more routine transaction counts and baskets. What I would tell you is, we're going to continue to see this. It's going to be noisy in Q3. And really, it won't be until we get to Q4, when we've cycled past all the opening cycles -- all the densification -- that we get a real read on what's going on, on a comparable basis from the business year-over-year. 


          Thanks. 


          Thank you. 

Answer_11:

          Thanks, Matt. 

Answer_12:

          Well, haven't thought about it in terms of innings, Matt. But I'll tell you, we are excited about what we have coming for the fall season. I highlighted a lot of things that are coming in September and October. But then moving on to the fourth quarter, which we won't be specific about today, but we're excited about what that brings as well. We have about 85,000 items in our assortment, and we'll have 35,000 new items this fall season. So I do feel pretty optimistic about the content, the quality, the trend, the presentation. But, clearly, in spring, I think you'll see that will be a full cycle out. And we'll have much more to come, as we turn the corner into the spring season. 


          Matt, thank you. Operator, I think we've got time for one last question. 

Answer_13:

          Yes. The guest that shops Target online is absolutely our best guest. They shop both online and in stores. It's really all about what's convenient for them, and sometimes it's just easier to knock an item off your list by buying it on your mobile device. Sometimes you want to purchase it online but pick it up in store to do the rest. But this is absolutely our best guest and one we will not cede. We will go after being a seamless, omnichannel retailer with confidence, knowing that it's the best thing for our guest and best thing for our business. And I do think that, when you think about the lapsed guests, they're basically back. 
So traffic changes are more about consolidated trips and trips shifting online. So it's an important part for us to own, which is why you see all of the efforts in our omnichannel capabilities and strategies  -- with subscriptions and with personalization and with ship from store and buy online, pick up in store. There's a lot of things that we're putting effort into that will help drive that momentum. 


          Right. 


          Simeon, thank you for the question. 
That concludes our Target second-quarter 2014 earnings conference call. I thank all of you for your participation today. 







