Question_1:

          Good morning, Brian and everyone. Brian, I had a question for you and then one for Kathee. When you arrived, the role of President was left open. I was curious whether or not you anticipate filling that role and any organizational structures that you might contemplate to speed the Company to getting to market. 
And then Kathee, if you could just peel back the onion around why the UPT was down 1.7%. You made good progress on transactions, but you took a step back in UPT. And I'm just wondering why and what you expect for those metrics into the third and fourth quarter. Thank you. 

Question_2:

          Thank you very much. I just wanted to step back a little bit and look -- you talked about even gross margins for this year to 29% to 30% range. It's a pretty wide range.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 And as you think about a world -- an e-commerce world -- and how things are changing fairly rapidly out there, I'm just trying to get a sense if you think, over time, that the gross margins are within that range -- lower end of that range. And sort of how you're thinking about that competitive landscape. I mean, you talked a lot about a lot of new merchandising initiatives and stuff, which can help offset some of that. But at the same time, as every Company that we've seen get more focused and driven around e-commerce, seems to see their gross margins lower by the nature of what that business is. So I'd love to hear a little about your thought process there. Thank you. 

Question_3:

          I guess, just as a follow-up to that -- if the guest does go more rapidly towards dot-com, are you willing to accept lower gross margins to do that? And then, I guess, a related question to that, too -- you talked about opening stores for greater hours. Is there an SG&A investment, as well, that would be related to e-commerce -- aside from just the build out of e-commerce -- that you think that you need to add to the stores -- once again, as this world is shifting? Thank you very much. 

Question_4:

          Thanks a lot. Good morning. Brian, I'd like to start out by asking you for your long-term perspective of threshold for Canada, as relates to time and financial performance. Obviously, that business today is performing at a materially lower level than was originally conceived when it was opened and presumably well, well  below its cost of capital. What would you want to see over time, to keep that business running? And what kind of time frame do you have in mind for seeing material improvement in that business? 

Question_5:

          Thanks for that. Just a quick follow-up on the US business. In the markets where buy online, pick up in store is more mature, how additive do you find that is, either to online sales or to the business overall? I know for some retailers, it can be as much as 30% or 40% of the overall online sales numbers. Where you have the most track record behind you, if you will, what's your sense of how additive that can be? 

Question_6:

          Thanks. John, I wanted to follow up of bit on the gross margin -- down 100 BPs in the quarter. If I remember correctly, you had a goal for $600 million of cost reductions this year, roughly a third of it in cost of goods sold. Could you give us an update as to where we are on that and how much that may have helped the quarter, in terms of US margin? 

Question_7:

          The same with the SG&A? Out of that $650 million, it's more back end? 

Question_8:

          For your opening comments, how long do you think it will take for you to get to understand the business and the customers and actually come up with a plan? Is that something we should expect by year end or early next year? Can you give us any time horizon on that? 

Question_9:

          Thanks a lot, and good morning. I was wanting to get some more detail on the improved performance in July and August. And I'm wondering if you have a sense, from your guest surveys, how much of that change is driven by price investments, efforts to improve the presentation, or maybe a change in the broader environment? 

Question_10:

          That's very helpful. And then one housekeeping follow-up if I may. Your Canada comp transactions were only down about 2%, which, frankly, was a little bit surprising against the grand opening halo. I'm wondering why UPT was down so much. I think it was down over 8%. 

Question_11:

          Hi, yes. Good morning, and welcome, Brian. Kathee, my question is actually -- 

Question_12:

          Kathee, my question is actually for you. You talk a lot about product and freshness and newness. And I was just wondering -- as you look to the fall merchandise plan, how far can you push freshness and newness into that plan? What inning would you say that represents, overall, relative to what you consider to be more optimal level? And when can we realistically expect you to reach that more optimal level? Thank you. 

Question_13:

          Thanks. Good morning, and welcome, Brian. Quick one for Kathee. We talked in New York, about a month ago, about traffic trips and that 9 out of 10 were still intact from the customer. But you had lost 1 out of 10. And that, maybe, e-commerce was the angle of you to get that back. My question is, how confident -- I don't know if you have any early indications from your own data -- that when that customer does shop online with you, that either they're not going to visit the store less, or that they'll not maintain the same level of purchasing? 

