Question_1:

          John, you mentioned there has been a lot of talk about gas prices and the potential positive benefits on the consumer. But curious if you could speak to the potential benefit you may receive on the P&L from a distribution standpoint and if those are savings that are there, how would you guys look to use those additional distribution savings between flowing through to earnings and potentially reinvesting to drive traffic? 

Question_2:

          Okay. So and then the second question on the overall basket, the UPT continues to be -- to decline and actually looks like it decelerated a little bit on a two-year basis. Wondering if you could give us a little bit more color around that particular dynamic, either at the store level perspective, given the higher food concentration, I would be expecting that to improve, but maybe this is being offset by online.  And I guess the follow up would be, how do you improve that dynamic moving forward? Thanks. 

Question_3:

          Okay. So it's less about the shift between online and store at this point in time? 

Question_4:

          Good morning and congrats on improved US results. My first question is on expenses in the US. They basically have been running flat on a dollar basis this year, down a little bit per foot. I'm wondering if you can get into a little more detail on what's driving the cost savings?  
And then in terms of the outlook, is this a line that you think you can run flat to up in dollars, up slightly in dollars over the next year or so, or should we expect it to grow a little faster than that? 

Question_5:

          Okay, that's great. And then secondly on www.target.com, I wanted to ask a question about the free shipping program. Does the incremental volume offset the incremental shipping expense? Is it profit accretive? And do you think the customers that are utilizing this offer are high lifetime value customers? 

Question_6:

          Thank you and congrats. Regarding the great idea regarding signature categories and where you're focusing there, how would you help us prioritize which categories have the most opportunities in terms of lead time and revenue mix and timing of impact? And is the extrapolation there that traffic will be the biggest comp upside driver as you do focus on these categories? Thanks. 

Question_7:

          Thank you. And as a follow up and it's related, there seems to be a lot of energized agility, Brian, regarding thinking about what Target stands for from a bigger picture perspective. What are some of the initial thoughts on where you see that opportunity as you work to further differentiate and innovate yourself? 

Question_8:

          Kathee, I had a question, this is maybe a little bit longer term and it plays into the context of how you evolve the Company.  And that is related to where you see AUR trending, because you're talking about more emphasis in kids and baby, which typically is lower ticket and maybe pulling back on promotions in electronics because that's not a core. I'm wondering where you think your AUR might land over the next few years in light of the 2% to 3% growth you've been experiencing under the existing strategy. 
And then if you could talk about -- John, if you could talk about the growth in inventory next year and its impact on working capital, as you think about being better in stock on the ad merchandise and the like. Thank you. 

Question_9:

          I have two questions that are a little bit lengthy. John, if we start off on dot-com, which if my algebra is right it's around 2.5% of sales in the quarter, what does that do to the margin going forward? 
I know you mentioned it's immaterial for the fourth quarter, but tell us what it did in the third quarter and how we should think about it. It's probably dilutive of some effect and whether it's more in gross margin or SG&A. And then I had a follow up. 

Question_10:

          And then the follow up, and maybe Brian you in your comments, you talked about making sure in the five key operating principles, that invest to build capabilities.  I love your perspective on this year CapEx is down a lot and we're running I guess a little over $2 billion is the run rate. What do you think is the CapEx need going forward to invest in what Target really needs to do to be the best it can be? 

Question_11:

          Would that mean CapEx would be above D&A at some point in the future or do you think you can stay below that? 

Question_12:

          I know there's a lot of big picture questions to discuss, but actually I have two quantitative ones related to the quarter. First of all, John, can you talk about the expense, the magnitude of the expense dollars that shifted from the third quarter to the fourth and talk about perhaps functionally speaking what they're related to? 

Question_13:

          Got it, thanks for that. And then secondly, you talked about running ahead of the fourth quarter plan. As we think about the cadence of that plan, obviously you had a tough January, as did many retailers particularly given the breach. 
So when you say running ahead, is that running ahead of the 2% number as we speak or running ahead of a plan that's maybe a bit more nuanced than that as we think about where we are in the progression of the quarter and your compares a year ago? 

Question_14:

          Thanks a lot for taking my question, it's on the food category.  And recognizing you're not going to deemphasize it, you're just going to streamline it, how are you thinking about the return profile of that space within the store? And then could there be any differences amongst how space is allocated, could that area get less over time? 

Question_15:

          Okay, that's very helpful. And you think you can manage the return profile on that space to certainly meet the hurdle [rates] that you expect from it? 

Question_16:

          Okay, that's very helpful and good luck with the rest of the holiday. 

