Answer_1:

    I think it may be a little bit the DC shutdown, but in reality, it's a complex thing. It's a Board level issue and we want a fair and reasonable settlement, if we can. And that's all we can really say about it. 


    It involves multiple agencies, so you can imagine the complexity. 

Answer_2:

    No, John. Unfortunately, we did as much as we can, give you as much clarity as we can, but we aren't going to be able to break that down for you. 

Answer_3:

    Yes, so John, the way to think about it, very candidly, is that we didn't expect when we estimated that -- remember it's a very difficult thing to estimate, there's significant uncertainty in terms of the estimate, significant judgment. And when we made those judgments in the second quarter, we didn't anticipate the environment being as volatile and escalating to the point that it has now. So as we have taken our reserves, and the reserves reflect today, so it reflects the current environment and the situation in fact that we're in, and we've now taken that into consideration as we look forward with our reasonably possible range. That's why it hasn't gone down anywhere near dollar to dollar, obviously. 

Answer_4:

    All we can say, John, is that we reserve for what's equitable, based on the facts and circumstances specific to each individual exposure, and the overall environment. 


    It's a tough environment, John. We're just trying to reflect that. 

Answer_5:

    So just two things, John, and I think in the Barclays presentation there was a slide that showed that of the increase in our outlook, there was a chunk of it that related to non-core prep litigation, so it certainly isn't entirely to do with our investment in cost and control, much of which we are funding through efficiencies. Having said that, there is an incremental cost. It is in part permanent, and it's going to be reflected in our run rate, but there was a good, I think $500 million is my recollection of other expenses including non-corporate litigation, which as you know, we don't adjust out. 

Answer_6:

    Yes, so the longer term target was a $325 million quarterly run rate, but that's over the longer term. What we said about 2013 and are on track to deliver is that we would exit the year with about $600 million of expenses in the fourth quarter. 


    Which we still expect. 


    Yes. Which is expected. So if you look at the third quarter run rate adjusted, it's about $650 million, down from just over $700 million in the second quarter, so that trend is moving in the right direction. 

Answer_7:

    So first of all, we're going to get there when we get there, but obviously, this Company is very sound, plenty of capital. We want to pass CCAR, but when you talk about capital plans, it's going to be subject to several things. One is the stock price, subject to passing CCAR with flying colors, which is really the stress test of CCAR, and also subject to wanting to meet our own targets for capital. So we've already said we want to get probably something North of 10% Basel III Tier 1 capital, et cetera and when we know all those numbers, do our budgets, we'll put the proper CCAR plan in place. 

Answer_8:

    I was pointing out mainly, Glenn, because I think if you go back several quarters over a year ago, standardized for us was lower than advanced by a reasonable spread, and clearly, when the common [store] amendment is applicable, which is not for a period of time, we would be looking at the lower of those two ratios. Right now, it's higher than the advanced approach, by a little more than 10 basis points. 


    We should put out when we do CCAR next year, effectively, it's not the same for every quarter, but effectively, it will be based on Basel III, which is a former volatile number because RWA moves around under stress under Basel III, as opposed under Basel I. 

Answer_9:

    Yes. 

Answer_10:

    Yes, so SLR, which I think you're referring to is 4.7%, remember that would go up by 50 basis points if you just subtracted the cash we hold at central banks. So until final rules come out I wouldn't overreact to it. Obviously SLR, it causes you to optimize differently, and a lot of products which are very high user capital under SLR, think of those as deposits, repo, and any of the short-term and low margin, revolvers et cetera. 
So it will make you optimize differently, but I think in reality the way we look at it is, we'll be able to adjust to it, we'll probably be able to do it by client. We're going to get to the ratio we need to get to, and we want to do it without disrupting all of our clients. So we will be able to give you more detail when we know the final roles. 


    And remember, Glenn, there is still the possibility there will be changes made to reflect I think the FIN41, which you're talking about, which I think would be positive for the repo market. 

Answer_11:

    So on NII, Glenn? 

Answer_12:

    So yes, I mean, growth has flattened out in terms of interest earning assets, you seen that obviously take place over the last couple of quarters, and so our guidance is reflecting the fact that we have seen things stabilize, both NIM and NII, and that further near term that's what we're expecting. 

Answer_13:

    Listen, it's your job to forecast the future. We do think that it's very good businesses, and like I said, it's underlying growth, but obviously it could be swamped in the short run by markets and events, et cetera. We'll provide a lot more in Investor Day, and give you much more insight. 

Answer_14:

    So, I think there's two major things. First of all, the pre trade and post trade rules are in place, and basically they didn't have that much of effect on the business. And now you have the steps in place, and from talking to folks on the trading floor, volumes seem to be down a little bit, but not because of the steps. 
The steps are basically accepting data at this point. They are not effectively making mortgage yet, so you haven't seen a huge effect of it. And I think over time, it still remains to be seen. 

Answer_15:

    Yes, because we'll meet the new targets and retain the capital, and eventually, we are actually already pushing down to the business. We're sorting to push down to the business units SLR, all the capital, all the stuff. Eventually, I mean LCR, eventually we'll put down SLR, and that will affect pricing and stuff. 
What we don't want to do is do a lot of anticipation, but if revolvers stay at SLR at 100% drawn, the cost will go up.   I'm not sure they will go up immediately but they will go up over time so we'll be able to get there. We just don't want to do stupid things in anticipation of rules, which we don't know what they are yet. 


    Betsy, our businesses are thinking through all of the implications. When the rules come out, we'll be able to act, but think about it as a measured approach. We don't want to overreact. We want to see how things play out, and at the margin, there will be changes to products and pricing but we'll be very measured. 


    So cash at central banks doesn't have to hold capital against, that's 50 basis points. If you took revolvers down to what we say is a normal draw, like even a stress draw of 20% which is what we saw in the crisis, there will be another 50 basis points, so we just want to be a little measured in how we deal with this. 

Answer_16:

    No, Betsy, this is really just the basic underlying run rate, which is about $650 million. Which does include some severance obviously, given actions taken to adjust capacity in the business, together with the $200 million item, which relates to foreclosure, it's nothing else. 

Answer_17:

    No, not anything of any significance. We have done some, but nothing major. 

Answer_18:

    We would love to reduce the uncertainty around this for ourselves and for you, but it's very hard to do. So the way I'd look at it is it will probably be elevated for the next year or two, not like we just went through, but it will necessarily be lumpy. So it might be as we settle, as we negotiate, as  we figure out -- remember there are multiple agencies involved in every case now, so you saw in the CIO that we paid four, maybe eventually five penalties, which we really did not expect. So we just have to deal with it and deal with the reality that it is. It will abate over time, and the underlying power of the Company you can see, so-- 


    I wish I could give you a better answer, but one day, it won't be a big number. 

Answer_19:

    Well, I think you have to look at first of all, the big ones are really Board-level type of discussions and we -- our preference is always to resolve it. It is very hard to fight with your regulators or the Federal Government, but we want them to be fair and reasonable. We have shareholders, and those shareholders, by the way, I remind people, it's not me. It's veterans or retirees and mothers and we're trying to do the right thing. It's very hard. We've got the top people involved inside and outside the Company, and hopefully over time, we will make this a much smaller issue. 

Answer_20:

    Well it does, but again, we think we've maintained pretty good margins and pretty good capital, and we have different ways to optimize. And not all of the things we're simplifying were very profitable, and so remember, let's just focus on other things and the other things we're doing pretty well. Like almost every single business, we're up in share. And remember, the reason you go up in share is because you're doing a good job for clients. They vote with their feet, which means you're satisfying them. 
So we're comfortable we'll be able to adjust to the new world and still have great businesses, and again, you haven't seen all of the repricing that might take place, you haven't seen the reactions and change in business strategies, and some things may move to the shadow banking world, which is fine. We'll figure it out. Like I mentioned, the needs of our clients, consumer, small business, middle market, large corporate, are not going away. They have to be served and satisfied somewhere. 

Answer_21:

    We've said 30% to 35%, and remember we do it pretty consistently after capital, and looking at value created, stuff like that so that hasn't changed, just came down a little this quarter. 

Answer_22:

    We said there were modest loss last year (multiple speakers)  and they were about breakeven this quarter, and it's getting very small. 

Answer_23:

    Erica, two things. One is, if you just look at the firm wide leverage ratio for a second that 4.7%, obviously that maybe changes when the final rules are issued, but just take that as a base. We're only 30 basis points from the minimum and while we're targeting to go higher than that, clearly 30 basis points is not a great distance for us to cover. 
And then I'd just reiterate what Jamie said, which is when we look at our 2014 CCAR, it will take into account a balanced set of facts and circumstances, so obviously both the quantitative and qualitative nature of the results of the stress test, but also our desire to want to get to capital levels that we've expressed, together with maintaining flexibility to do appropriate dividends and repurchases. So all those things together will be considered in the capital plan. 

Answer_24:

    So three things, just to clarify. Currently our standardized ratio is higher than advanced, albeit not by very wide margin, so just to clarify that point. Just generically, the advanced approach RWA sensitivity to a stress environment would be more impacted than a standardized approach, but remember, that's a 2014, that's a future issue for us. 
The 2014 CCAR, as we understand the instructions, we will be looking at an additional test on top of the 5% Basel I, that will have a Basel I risk weighted assets for the denominator for the first four quarters, and Basel III standardized for the second four quarters. So it's a 2014 CCAR, the advanced approach isn't one of the critical tests, although it will likely be in the future. But in theory and in reality, that will reduce more dramatically on the stress than the other measure. 

Answer_25:

    It was relatively flat, Mike, in the low 30s, between 30% and 31%. 

Answer_26:

    So it's consistent with what we said at Investor Day, in terms of the remaining jobs turning out of the branch networking consumer, as we implement new technology and new operating models, and new branch formats. 

Answer_27:

    Well, I guess we're making huge progress on it, but it's not going to stop for years. It's permanent. 

Answer_28:

    So Mike, just what it's worth on page 2, very small in the footnote, we talk about that estimate of about 80% of MBS deal losses related to heritage investments. 


    That's losses. 

Answer_29:

    Yes. 

Answer_30:

    When you saw mortgage putback, are you talking about the GSE putback? 

Answer_31:

    I think have you to get that from other analysts who actually have published numbers like that. 

Answer_32:

    I think -- obviously, that's true, Mike, so because this is very painful for the Company, and so Bear Sterns we did do quickly. We didn't anticipate that we would be paying anything for prior losses for Bear Sterns. I tell people, even the Bear Sterns number, I think it was $80 billion of bonds were made good which would have failed that day, had they gone bankrupt. 
And we did ask, we weren't completely stupid. We did ask the SEC for and only the SEC for would they please agree not to take enforcement actions against JPMorgan against things that happened at Bear, which of course they couldn't do outright, but they did say they would take into consideration the circumstances in which the transaction took place. 
And in WaMu, we don't believe we're responsible by contract. But that does not mean that people can't come after you. So that was a little bit of a lesson learned too. 

Answer_33:

    We're going to do what's in the best interest of our shareholders, all things considered, it's a Board level decision. And it needs to be fair, reasonable, taking consideration all of the facts and have some possible -- we would like to get it done, and if we can't, that's the Board will make that decision. It's not a good choice either way. 

Answer_34:

    Mike, the factor there was candidly that you were all trying to do this, you had most, or at least a large number of analysts that published research papers trying to recreate settlements and reserves three times, and for this one time only, we felt like it was helpful and transparent and constructive to show you the magnitude of reserves after these actions. So that you can have that context when you think about the future. 

Answer_35:

    Yes, so first of all just to give context to that 6% to 7% down quarter over quarter, there is a portion of our expense base related to mortgage that's truly variable, so as production levels go down, we pay less compensation on the loans, and as a result, that's what you're seeing in this quarter. With respect to then rightsizing the expense base for the opportunity in the market, we have taken actions, as you have are aware in the third quarter, to start to do that; however, once you go beyond the truly variable costs, those actions take some four, or cases six months to truly get to the run rate. 
So while we would expect to see that start to come to fruition in the fourth quarter, not completely in the quarter, more as a run rate matter. And then there is a portion of costs that are more fixed, in terms of our ability to be able to participate, whether it's real estate technology and a core infrastructure. We are obviously also taking a look at that, but we are in this business, and so there will be an element of fixed costs into obviously next year. 
But you should expect that we're still seeing, absent lots go down slightly into the fourth quarter, so you should expect revenues will maybe be down, but expenses will also be down, for that net slight negative pretax margin that we've guided you to. That's still what we expect. 

Answer_36:

    Let me brag on our commercial bank and investment bank bankers And they've opened up branches I want to say Jacksonville, Sacramento, Nashville, so we're actually in more places in the commercial bank. Obviously, we've been building in the WaMu footprint in Florida and California, they've been doing an exceptional job. 
And more importantly a high quality job, like we're really happy with the quality of the business we're booking. And our Investment Bankers you see the numbers in equity and debt and we didn't mention all of the deals that we are involved in but Verizon, and Sprint, and Nokia, there's good pipelines and good traffic. You know that can change tomorrow, but the fact is, we are satisfying our clients and we're thrilled with the business we're generating. 

Answer_37:

    So we don't expect or believe there should be any repercussions, but ultimately that's the regulators' decision so we resubmitted CCAR in September. We're still waiting for feedback. We get feedback in early December. We will do a good, thoughtful and appropriate job of thinking through our capital asks as we do the 2014 CCAR, so those will be the things that we do. 


    And we're doing very little stock buyback right now. 

Answer_38:

    Yes, Volker, more detail on SLR, more detail on how much long term debt, I think we have almost 20% of available resources today. And then you could look at things very basic and simple and say okay, well if the cost is a little bit higher and pricing stays the same and capital is higher, returns a little bit lower, that's true. But that doesn't take into consideration things we don't know which is repricing, competitor strategies, and our ability to optimize by client, by state, by region, by product 
So all those things, we just give you a better idea. We're very comfortable we've got a very good business, but we'll give you a better idea of what we think it means by business. For example, we're going to allocate more capital and operating capital to the businesses, we'll ask them to optimize on SLR, and without damaging the client franchise, but we just will give you more detail. That's all. 

Answer_39:

    No, I think that a lot of people mentioned that they think it was inappropriate to apply capital to that, but the regulators will decide, whatever it is, we will be able to adjust to and conform to the rules. I would just point out that some of these things can move that number quite a bit and there's a reason why you shouldn't overreact to it and just take the time and do it right. We know the final rules, we will conform. 


    We conform very quickly, so it's just why would you conform very quickly and disrupt clients? So just think of it that way. We're trying to do the right thing to the client base and the Company. 


    We don't want to restrict, we could go out tomorrow and say we aren't going to make anymore revolvers, and we will be there very quickly. We just don't want to do that. It's not a rational way to run a business. 

Answer_40:

    Right. 

Answer_41:

    We are going to meet our targets through the run-off portfolio, which will cause a couple of things. Part of the CRM was a synthetic credit portfolio, which is, I'll say, 1/10 of the size it was a year ago and I don't remember the exact numbers, and we're still going to be optimizing across other products. There's certain things in mortgages that use up a lot of capital, et cetera. So we have more to go in optimizing RWA. 

Answer_42:

    No, no, that one, but they had a small correlation book in the IB, this was a synthetic credit portfolio moved over to the IB, and eventually it will probably be put together. 


    And much smaller. 

Answer_43:

    Yes. 


    Yes, we've received instructions and that does feature. 

Answer_44:

    And it wouldn't be the first time we modeled such an event as part of our stress testing. 

Answer_45:

    No. I think you should take that, I mean obviously it's very painful for me personally, because I agree with you, I don't like losing money obviously for my shareholders, and we put up, and Marianne has been very clear. These are very tough numbers to estimate, it's a heightened environment, multiple agencies are involved in often the same thing. We're just trying to improve and get better and move on. Remember, these reserves relate to things that took place over multiple years, so it isn't a one year event, and we still didn't lose money during the crisis. 

Answer_46:

    So I'm not expecting that the details and results will necessarily become public. Remember, it wasn't a quantitative issue per se. It was a qualitative issue, so what the regulators are looking for is our response to their recommendations and substantial progress in that. 
I do think that it obviously would be public what their response has been to that, some time in December, and we'll work out exactly when that would be. So I would expect you to understand whether our plan has been accepted or otherwise at some point in December. And we're already working on the 2014 CCAR submission. Obviously that submission in early January, which means it's will be Board approval in December and that is starting. 
All of the work, and Jamie talked about it, he talked about 500 people, thousands of people involved, models, documentation, covenants, controls, all of that work that we did for the resubmission is fully being leveraged for our ongoing CCAR processes, and we're building on it. So this for us will continue to become better over time, and 2014 will be another step in that process. 

Answer_47:

    Really most significantly, the other thing that we just talked about, which is in addition to all of the other minimum levels that we've been testing against, we have new tests under Basel III, albeit a test that recognizes savings in the capital numerator, and also a slightly different denominator through time, with different minimum levels of 4% in 2014, and 4.5% in 2015. So that's the other real big framework change. 

Answer_48:

    So we obviously can't comment on any sort of discussions or status of any specifics on litigation. Yes, you're right, the framework is probably an estimate. Also you should obviously assume that we didn't or couldn't estimate, all of these events were not probable at the time. But today, our reserves are appropriate for the current environment, and the information that we're allowed. 

Answer_49:

    We're estimating some penalties, given the environment we would expect that some of the expenses would come with penalty nature, and you can obviously do the math from the front page. 


    But they are estimates and they include a range of matters not limited to mortgage. 

Answer_50:

    Actually, it's a great question. There is a fronting in that number of just shy of $2 billion, $1.7 billion that will ultimately be syndicated in the short-term, so I would adjust that out when you're looking at the quarter over quarter numbers. Other than that, it's relatively flat and steady performance in core middle market and strength in real estate. 

Answer_51:

    We can't comment. 


    We've already said all we can say about that. 

Answer_52:

    It's going well but we're still, I think they are still building the systems to actually do it, and come with the products and services that we think can do a better job both for the merchants and for customers. 


    But we're in active-- 


    We're still working on that. That's not going to happen overnight. We just think it could be a very good thing over time. 

Answer_53:

    Yes, we will try to. 


    We will. 

Answer_54:

    Essentially has flattened out at this point, yes. 


    And we've begun to reinvest, we're looking at the overall portfolio, we're doing some rotation, and that process has started. 


    Remember,  rates did go up almost 100 basis points. 

Answer_55:

    So just at a macro level, talking at the firm-wide level for a second, we've said that we're looking at running the firm at a Basel III Tier 1 common ratio between 10% to 10.5%, which would imply, in any case Tier 1 capital minimums will be 11% ultimately, so we'll be at 11%-plus  from Tier 1 capital and we talked about leverage running at 5.5% over time as well. And if you think about 11%-plus Tier 1 capital, 10% to 10.5% Basel III common and a 5.5% supplementary leverage ratio given the ratio of our risk weighted assets to our balance sheet, they actually co-exist quite happily. So it is going to be a multi-variance of finding constraints, but at those levels, they exist quite nicely. 
Obviously the devil is in the detail when you push down into the businesses, client by client, product by product, and that work will go on, and as we do that work, as Jamie's talked about, we expect to be able to optimize, which will include some repricing and some restructuring of products. But at a macro level, they will co-exist relatively well. 


    I always add to that CCAR will be in our opinion another binding constraint over time. 


    Very good point. 

Answer_56:

    We don't know those rules yet, but presumably it's going to be equity plus preferred plus unsecured senior debt, and subordinated debt. And I think our number is at 20% of risk weighted assets there, so we're in a pretty good place but we'll see what the final rules are. 

Answer_57:

    So with PCI-- 


    I have to go because I have a meeting I have to go to, but appreciate the time with us, and Marianne can answer the remaining questions. 


    So the way to think about the PCI reserve release its the first one we've taken, and it reflects obviously improved home prices and lower severities, but it's divided by model, so if all other things from here are equal, then we are what we are. Obviously, if there are significant changes, probably primarily in home prices, but also in delinquencies, and you might see some more reserve releases. These are likely to be more periodic and lumpy, because obviously, we will be refreshing our loan loss reserves, or our life of loan forecasts over time. It's possible that you may see them in multiple quarters but that's not what we're expecting. 

Answer_58:

    No there's no cause and effect there, obviously. 


    Well there's no cause and effect there. Full stop.  

Answer_59:

    Well I can certainly talk for JPMorgan, where as soon as we understand rules, we start to push them down into the organization, so that the people who are transacting at the products and the client level can make the best and most appropriate decisions to maximize returns and meet hurdles, and all of those sorts of good things. And you're right. Over the last several years, we have seen capital and liquidity increase dramatically. 
Meanwhile we are still delivering a core underlying performance in that mid-teens return on tangible common equity. So we're still competing effectively, which leads me to believe that others are doing the same thing, and that's being reflected in the competitive nature of the environment. I think it's obviously going to continue some, as we and others have set ourselves even higher targets for capital, and then obviously new rules including the SLR, but I also do think these things work through the system through time pretty quickly, given the nature of the business. 

Answer_60:

    So our LCR ratio last quarter was 118%. This quarter, we haven't disclosed it, but it's not far off that same level. and the increase in cash is not necessarily because we're trying to do anything from a liquidity perspective, but it also reflects inflows from clients, both operating bills, and importantly non-core non-operating deposits that we then place with the central banks. 

