Question_1:

    Just on the legal front, not sure exactly what you can say, I'll give it a shot here. Does the lack of a settlement so far with the government reflect the DC shutdown, or more the fact that you're still negotiating, or a combination of both, any comment there? 

Question_2:

    Okay, and in terms of the $9 billion provision this quarter, can you give us any sense of how much that reflects revised estimates of government penalties and fines, as opposed to refined estimates for damage claims from private parties and things like that? 

Question_3:

    Can you give one more shot, Marianne explaining how the range of possible loss doesn't go down more after such a big provision? 

Question_4:

    Okay, and one more thing on this, does the settlement, negotiations, and things that you're doing does that affect how you project losses on other aspects of legal that you were not negotiating in the last couple weeks? So you've upped the projection of what you might face on other stuff? 

Question_5:

    Okay, on the expense front, I guess Jamie just said that the things you've added in the control and compliance area are permanent, and that drove up the expense outlook on adjusted basis, Marianne of $59.5 billion to $60 billion, so this is this the go-forward run rate? The $60 billion adjusted expenses, what would be the opportunities to bring that down over time, is there any areas where that is still environmentally elevated? 

Question_6:

    Okay, and then also in there would be the default servicing, which is still elevated. Can you remind us what the longer term target and how that could come down? 

Question_7:

    Okay, and then the last thing for me is just wondering, Jamie Dimon, did the internal control issues this year and some of the headliners at regulators, does that affect your mindset as you go into CCAR and think about how you'll think about capital return next year? 

Question_8:

    Just a quick follow-up on the CCAR. You had mentioned the difference, well you didn't say the exact difference between advanced and standardized, but I wonder if you could shed light on the spread between the two. And I'm just curious, does it play a bigger role in the process this year, or you were just pointing it out? 

Question_9:

    Okay, but I mean that spread is a lot tighter, so it's less concerning so it's good. 

Question_10:

    Okay, curious, we don't have all of the answers on how the whole leverage focus is going to shake out but it seems I'm putting a little words in your mouth, but it seems to be working its way through a little bit. I think your book's down 15% or so year on year, and it's less than 10% of the overall balance sheet. But is that a correct way to think about it,  that focus is going to start impacting the repo market? And I'm just curious if you could talk about for your book, what is balance sheet financing versus real customer financing? 

Question_11:

    Okay, understood, shifting gears just a quickie. So the guidance is for flat net interest income dollars, and the loan growth was 1% or 2%, quarter on quarter and year on year, but the underlying business, as you mentioned are a lot better. Just curious, it seems like conservative guidance, but curious on what is behind it. 

Question_12:

    Correct. In terms of NII dollars being flat. 

Question_13:

    Okay, maybe a last one. In a world that doesn't have a lot of loan growth, has very low interest rates and Capital Markets have been far from ideal to your point, your businesses, underlying business or operating goods. And extra charge, you're earning at that $6 run rate that people are hoping you could get to.  I guess the question is, do you have more confidence than you did last year in terms of that $24 billion over the cycle, because you're at that run rate now with not ideal conditions. 

Question_14:

    A couple questions. One on, just another question on FIC. We've talked in the past about clearing and clearing requirements, and prior quarters we just had very few trades coming in under the new rules. Could you give us a sense as to how customer behavior has been, and how that's impacted your FIC line this quarter? 

Question_15:

    And then on SLR, did I hear you correctly that  you aren't going to make any changes to how you're providing credit to clients, until you find out what the final rule is? There's no major changes on how you're approaching the market? 

Question_16:

    Okay, and then second thing on mortgage, in the mortgage servicing, relatively high charges, the foreclosure piece in there, but just wondering if there's anything else going on in the servicing expenses? 

Question_17:

    Okay, and portfolio sale coming up at all in that? 

Question_18:

    And then just lastly, just another question on the litigation on the page 2. I think the Street understands the reason for taking the $9 billion charge, and I see here you've got the two comments on page 2 which highlight that unpredictable, hard to forecast. But I guess what some folks are wondering is, should we be putting into the model just higher run rate of litigation expenses going forward, I think over the past couple years its been $300 million to $500 million normalized quarter, $1 billion to $2 billion, on a top and up quarter. Is that $1 billion to $2 billion the new normal until we get through this whole thing or--? 

Question_19:

    So Jamie, as you think about all of the litigation stuff that you've got, can you give us a sense as to how much you're currently in discussions to negotiate? I mean, to give us a sense of how far along you think you are? 

Question_20:

    Just looking at slide 15, I think it's very helpful in terms of laying out some of the things that you're targeting to reduce in the left hand side. I guess as we step back to the picture and we think about a couple hundred million of revenue you gave up on the left side, some expense pick up in the middle, and then we factor in the higher capital requirements, the higher liquidity, are you confident that both the long-term earnings impact won't be that meaningful, and that you don't need to adjust the model that much? And I think that's most people's view but the nickels and times, I think there's some concern that it does start to add up as well. 

Question_21:

    Just separately the compensation rate within the investment bank coming down this quarter, despite pretty good revenue trends overall, any additional color on that? I think you've been targeting 35% longer term, and we're maybe 31% or so. 

Question_22:

    Lastly could you just share what the CIO losses were a year ago? I'm not sure if you disclosed that before? 

Question_23:

    My first question is on the new leverage proposals.  I think we're hearing loud and clear that you're not going to do anything rash in terms of how you run your businesses, but given that we're still in proposal form in the US and also with Basel, can JPMorgan accelerate capital return in next year's CCAR, even with these proposals fluid on the leverage side? 

Question_24:

    And my second follow-up question is on the advanced versus standardized approach, as it relates to the CCAR. You've told us that the standardized ratio is clearly lower, but as you run your models under stress, what is more punitive for your bank? Is it coming into a stress scenario with a lower starting point on standardized, or is it the RWA inflation, when you stressed the advanced? 

Question_25:

    Three small questions and one larger one. First, what was the loan utilization on the wholesale side for the quarter versus last quarter? 

Question_26:

    And as far as the headcount reduction, you said in CCB you're taking up 15,000 jobs this year and 11,000 in mortgage? Where are the rest of the jobs coming out from, and how are you able to do that? 

Question_27:

    Okay, and as it relates to slide 15, the repositioning of the business, what inning are you in for that derisking and the control agenda? It seems like the derisking might be earlier innings, and the control agenda the later stages but you tell me. 

Question_28:

    Okay, and then the larger question relates to the legal issue. How much of the investor losses for the mortgage putback and the mortgage securities relate to Bear? I know there's been a lot of numbers in the press, but we haven't heard those numbers from you. 

Question_29:

    Okay, 80% of the losses? 

Question_30:

    And what's the dollar amount of losses on the mortgage putback side? 

Question_31:

    Well what's the total dollar amount of all of the losses we're talking about the potential settlement? That must be public somewhere, for mortgage putback in aggregate, the mortgage securities, what are the dollar amounts of the original, what's the original principal amount, and what's the investor loss? Just the dollar amounts if you can break that down. 

Question_32:

    So I guess one question, it's 80% of the losses are from the deals, would you have done the deals differently? Did you not read the fine print? Did you not have some additional protection that you might have had? I know it was short notice for these transactions. On the other hand as you look back now maybe you wish you did something differently? 

Question_33:

    Can you talk more about the trade-off? Nobody is forcing you to sell off. If you really think this is a bad deal, then you obviously wouldn't do it so what's the trade-off of not settling versus settling? 

Question_34:

    And your decision to disclose the legal reserve, as we go back and asking all the other banks, what's your legal reserve, JPMorgan disclosed it, why don't you? What were the factors that led you to do that? 

Question_35:

    Just a couple of quick follow-up questions. First of all Marianne, in the expenses related to mortgage production, those were down about 6% quarter over quarter. Do you have a sense as to if the trajectory of those costs are going to come down faster over the next couple of quarters? Several banks have discussed that in terms of trying to reduce the expenses, at the same time production revenues are also coming down. 

Question_36:

    That's helpful and then just a question on pipelines. You mentioned that the pipeline in commercial banking was healthy. Just curious as to whether or not that is largely due to transactions that have been held up because of uncertainty in the economy on the part of your borrowers, or is that also being helped by more business being booked by your bankers? And also if you have a comment on the investment banking pipeline at this point, realizing it's early in the quarter, that would be helpful too. 

Question_37:

    Okay, and then just Jamie maybe a question on the buyback. At this point it doesn't sound like you have any concerns about the litigation expenses in this quarter being an issue for the CCAR submission, or future buyback trends, is that what I heard? 

Question_38:

    You mentioned in passing that at the Investor Day in February, you think that there will be a lot more of the rules in place that you'll be able to discuss the impact of.  I was wondering the specific ones that you think will be available by then, Volker for example, is it your understanding that you'll have a good understanding by then? 

Question_39:

    Fair enough. One thing that you alluded to a couple of times this morning is the idea of the SLR being maybe 50 basis points higher, if you didn't have to carry capital, or count into the leverage exposure. You were deposits with central banks. Since you mentioned it a couple times, does that mean that you actually have a reasonably high degree of comfort that there will be an exemption for that? 

Question_40:

    Sure, that's completely fair. At this year's Investor Day, you identified in the investment bank a $65 billion run-off portfolio that you gave some targets of reduction for, at year-end. 

Question_41:

    I've also noticed that in your Pillar 3 disclosures you've got a very high CRM, which I have to assume is associated with correlation book stuff, which I guess that run-off portfolio is. Can you give us a sense for whether that's right, and where you are with that run-off portfolio? 

Question_42:

    And that was a separate synthetic credit portfolio than what you moved over from CIO, or is that a part of it? 

Question_43:

    We heard recently from some people in the industry that there's the expectation of a counterparty, a major counterparty default as part of the CCAR stress test this year. Do you have any sense for whether, are you hearing that that's going to be part of it? 

Question_44:

    It's a rational idiosyncratic event that people should be prepared for. Remember, we did go through that with Lehman. 

Question_45:

    Got it. Final question. So it's always been very important to you, Jamie, that you had a record of not losing money in a quarter, through the whole credit bubble and disaster. And yet this quarter, because of the size of the litigation reserve, you did. Not a large amount of money, but you actually had a net operating loss. Do we take that as a signal of the certainty and the timing of the size of the settlement? 

Question_46:

    Marianne, you'd mentioned the CCAR resubmission. When that comes out, will that be made public, and what will we be able to get from that, and how will that impact your submission going forward? 

Question_47:

    Great, and as far as other changes that you're aware of, you had mentioned the counterparty failure, are there any other large items that would be a change in the way, or in addition to the way they're approaching the submissions this year? 

Question_48:

    Got it, and related to taking the charges in this period, given what was the actual information that changed? In other words, the accounting rules tend to require a certain standard to recognize that, and if you haven't reached that agreement yet, what actually did change that required the recognition of that in Q3? 

Question_49:

    Did you say at the outset that the $9 billion wasn't fully taxed because of a portion related to penalties? That would imply like roughly about a third of it, does that make sense? 

Question_50:

    Can you talk about the commercial loan balances? I noticed that the period-end balance had a nice increase from the third quarter, but your averages were almost flat. Is there a pick up in lending activity in the month of September? 

Question_51:

    Okay, and I know the litigation questions are sensitive, so I don't know if you can answer this or not. The discussions that are going on, that we're reading about in the paper with the US government, is it more of a factor of the dollar amount that's holding it up, or is it more terms and conditions? 

Question_52:

    Okay, that's fair. Another question is, you at your Investor Day talked about the Visa partnerships that you were just announced, could you give us some more color on how that's going, with the merchant acquiring and the payment business? 

Question_53:

    I assume you'll give us a good update at the Investor Day in February? 

Question_54:

    Coming back to the asset yields, you talked about the deposit margins improving quarter to quarter, earlier in your call. Are we at a point where the asset yields in the securities portfolio have bottomed? Are you replacing securities with equal yields or higher? 

Question_55:

    Right. Finally, on a go forward basis once we get over all these issues that everybody is confronting today in the banking industry, with the regulatory and maybe the interest rate environment, what's going to be the capital ratio that's going to constrain your growth? Is it going to be the SLR ratio, the Tier 1 common? What's the one you think will be the real achilles heel? 

Question_56:

    Correct. Coming back to the capital, on the orderly liquidation authority, as we all know there are certain buckets of capital that have to be maintained. Do you have any clarity yet that the excess over the 9.5% under the Tier 1 common portion, will that be applicable to other buckets, so you don't have to raise as much in preferred or senior debt? 

Question_57:

    Most things have been covered but I'm looking at the loan loss reserve releases from the PCI portfolio, assuming credit gets better, that theory continues as well. How should we think of that going forward? Is that going to be something lumpy from time to time? Is it going to be more gradual, like it would be in a normal loan portfolio? 

Question_58:

    A few questions on the investment bank, and you touched on the comp expense earlier. It's obviously very low as a percent of revenues, excluding DDA, I think it's 27% So given revenues are down, your bonus accrual must be way down. And my question becomes is that just coincidence that it happens in a quarter where you take $9 billion of regulatory litigation costs, or is there a cause and effect there? 

Question_59:

    Perfect. And then my second question, you've talked a lot during this conference call about pushing things out to clients when you have more clarity on your leverage ratio, and I guess -- the rules and what not. I guess just broader, as you think back not the leverage ratio but all the Basel III rules we've faced and all the changes in higher capital requirements and whatnot. Are you surprised at how slowly some of those price increases have been pushed down, and how slowly capacity has left the industry, or do you think it's about right, or do you think we'll see more of that going forward? Maybe you can just make broad comments there. 

Question_60:

    One quick follow-up on your liquidity holdings here. Your excess liquidity pool looked like it increased almost $85 billion sequentially to $538 billion. Just want to know what's driving that, if there's anything you're worried about or thinking about, because I thought your LCR ratio last quarter was above 100%. And if you could just give us your updated LCR ratio, that would be great, thanks. 

