Answer_1:

          Oliver, good morning, and thanks for joining us today. As we think about the balance of the year, I would ask you to think about three important variables and you saw those come to life in the first quarter. We're clearly focused on driving traffic to our stores and we expect that to be a very important driver of our growth over the balance of the year. But you're also seeing the benefit of our focus on signature categories and the higher ticket that that generates.
But importantly the third element is the increasingly important contribution we're seeing from our digital and online businesses. So as we go forward, we're going to continue to make sure we're seeing growth in traffic, growth in our signature categories that leads to that gross margin rate improvement we saw in first quarter and the higher ticket, but importantly, the ongoing contribution of our online channel.

Answer_2:

          Oliver, you heard Kathee talk about some of the key initiatives that came to life in the first quarter and you're going to continue to see us build off of that over the balance of the year. We've completely rebuilt our app. We're focused on improving our subscription and registry.
We're leveraging our stores to shift to our guests. So we're going to continue to build on those initiatives as we go forward and continue to make sure that we're making the investments both in technology but importantly in the supply chain that brings that online business to light for our guests.


          And, Oliver, if we can go back for a minute to your question on thinking about price versus innovation and how do we balance those. I would just say that we start from the guest, looking at what it is that they expect from any given product category and then how do we build the very best product? Which is, depending on what it is, could be a combination of both price and innovation or more heavily leaning on one or the other, depending on what we're talking about.
But very much guest focused to make sure that we're offering them the content that's going to inspire them and resonate. So there's not one size fits all. It's really guest-focused driven by each category.

Answer_3:

          Oliver, thank you, appreciate it.

Answer_4:

          Let me start with the gross margin and the focus for not only the quarter but for many years to come. And we've been very clear about the importance of focusing in on our signature categories. We believe that's our path to differentiating the brand. So you should continue to expect us to focus on building our style categories. And Kathee and her team are making great progress in apparel and home and beauty. And you saw the comps that those categories produced in the first quarter.
We'll continue to focus on baby and kids and accelerate our focus on wellness. So we believe those categories both in store, but importantly as we demonstrated in Q1 online, where a significant portion of our growth in the digital channel was driven by apparel and home. So that is a very favorable impact to mix, both in store and importantly as we improve and accelerate our online performance.


          The other thing I'd add, Matt, is more tactically between Q2 and Q3, that's really last year where you saw us transition from focusing on significant promotions that were primarily hard lines or some of our lower margin categories' focus to the business, back to back-to-school and then into the holiday season.
So as we think about the way Q2 looks versus Q3, where that promotional impact was real in Q2 but it was also we had a significant mix impact because of where we focused those promotions. Little bit less of that as we go into Q3 and Q4. So the delta between last year's margin and this year's margin will change meaningfully. And as Kathee said, we continue to invest in price and quality across all of our brands.

Answer_5:

          I think, Matt, I would answer it broadly and say that what we see across all guests is when they become engaged in the digital channel, we see incremental growth in that channel and, importantly, incremental growth in the stores. So their total engagement with us is very incremental, we pick up incremental sales and importantly incremental profitability in both channels.

Answer_6:

          Yes, I would say that, Scott, it's pretty early in our transformation to say that we see momentum in that measure as it pertains to food. I will tell you a lot of our growth in transactions is driven by new guests and that's driven more in the signature categories that we have been talking about. Now we believe that we have an opportunity to drive traffic in food and that's why we're in the midst of putting a lot of tests out in front of our guests, both product and presentation, to get that business on track and to make sure that we've got a really compelling point of view for our guests. And then we will measure that over time to make sure that we're making progress. But today I would say it's more driven by the signature categories that we've highlighted.

Answer_7:

          Scott, it's certainly something that we're going to continue to monitor and measure over time. It's still very early for us, but that is a measure that we're clearly looking at. We absolutely want to make sure we're building loyalty. We want to build engagement and traffic.
We believe our focus on signature categories brings guests back to Target looking for what's new, what's exciting. And we also want to make sure we complement that with an improved food assortment because we know food is critically important to building engagement and driving overall traffic.

Answer_8:

          I think as we would measure that and as we look at the guest feedback that we get, Scott, I would say store execution is very high. Guests are very satisfied with the number of people that we have, their ability to help them. I would say that we have an opportunity on the in-stock side and we've been working on that collectively, stores and merchandising, as we worked through the port situation and getting those back in stock. But also just our everyday basics.
And it's one of the reasons why our inventory is elevated, as we've talked about, is that we have been making investments, particularly in essentials category to make sure that we can raise our inventory levels appropriate to be in-stock in those categories. So I think that's where we have the most opportunity right now.


          And, Scott, that's reflected in the key initiatives we've been talking about. As we think about changes we're making in experience to elevate apparel with mannequins, to restructure our home layouts, to begin to make changes in electronics. We want to make sure we provide the guest with a great in-store experience particularly in those signature categories.
But as Kathee just noted, we also need to make sure we're focused on the basics every day. And we need to make sure we've got very high in-stock conditions, particularly in those key consumable categories. So for us, execution at store level is critically important. We believe we have the best team in retail and our focus now is on elevating the experience in those key signature areas of our store and ensuring that we're improving the in-stock conditions for basic essentials.

Answer_9:

          Thanks, Scott. Appreciate the support.

Answer_10:

          Yes, so this is something that we aim to do all the time and of course right now we're comping against some pretty weak numbers post breach last year, so certainly that's part of it. As we focus on signature categories, I do think that's getting more new guests back into the brands and in a variety of different areas because signature categories cover so much from beauty to home, et cetera, to the different style categories.
And I think the way that we're doing it is really what Brian was just talking about, presentations that are really compelling with product that's very inspirational. And inviting them into the store through our marketing, which resonates with them. And then when they get to the store or online, being able to convert them to a purchase. So it's all of those things that I think are moving the needle.

Answer_11:

          No, we've seen this coming for a little bit now. Third quarter was the start of it, continued into fourth quarter and now again in our first quarter. But I think as we're improving quality, as we're stepping up our assortments to be more aspirational, we're seeing the guest really resonate with that product and move. And that's broad across virtually all of our categories. So not just in one segment of our business but really all of them.
So I think it's driven by the guest perhaps having a bit more money in their pocket. I think it's the quality that we've put in, they're recognizing those benefits and they're wanting to be able to trade up.


          Robbie, the one point I'd emphasize so that we're really clear, this isn't an either/or, it's an and. So we want to make sure we're delivering exceptional value every day on those core essentials and continuing to bring great quality, newness, innovation and value to our guests as they look for these more aspirational items. So it's not a shift in strategy and it's not a either/or, it's an and.
And we've got to make sure that both elements of our strategy include a focus on core essentials and more experiential offerings. And when we bring those together, that is the Target brand promise and experience. That's where we bring expect more, pay less to life. So both of those elements are starting to work together and I think you're seeing the guests respond very positively to it.


          Thank you.

Answer_12:

          Let me start with the regional performance trends, and we didn't see any correlation between what you just referred to, changes in the oil and gas industry, and an influence on our comps. Obviously, like everyone else, and this happens every single year, weather did impact regional performance. We had some challenging days in the Northeast. We faced the same ice storms that others did in the Southeast and in the Texas market.
But overall, we saw very consistent comp performance across signature categories. The growth Kathee talked about was strong across the country in apparel and beauty and home. And we've seen very consistent performance trends and responses from our guests across the country.


          And to the minimum-wage question, no, we haven't seen those types of impacts either.

Answer_13:

          It's a great question, Robbie, and we're sorting through that. We wanted to get through annualizing past all of last year with the breach and the impact there. We're really pleased that we saw 110 basis points of penetration growth. We're seeing new accounts grow again, roughly split equally between credit and debit.
I think as we learn a little bit more here as we get through this year, we'll figure out where we want to go. We still are very energized by REDcard as a product offering. I think the opportunity for us is to tie that into a more holistic loyalty offering for our guests. We're testing some of that now out East, and you'll see us, as the year goes on, continue to test that, take those learnings and apply it more broadly to loyalty for our guests.


          Thank you.

Answer_14:

          Yes, I think -- yes, you're right and all of that increase is really incentive expense offset by, again, some productivity improvements. I think as the year progresses, we'll continue to see improvements in SG&A.
As we said throughout the year, as the year progresses, we'll continue to start to see the savings that we committed to, the $2 billion, $500 million of savings this year, about half in COGS, half in SG&A. In SG&A that will be offset somewhat by investments in technology.
So we should continue getting past the noise; as the year progresses we'll continue to see leverage probably similar to what you saw in Q1 as we get into Q3 and Q4.

Answer_15:

          Greg, in some ways you've answered the question for me. And we've been very clear in the fact that we're going to make $1 billion investment in technology and supply chain to enhance those capabilities, to improve our capabilities, to make sure we're partnering up technology with the ability to provide the product effectively through our supply chain.
So the Lilly event, while a sensational event for the brand, and we're really proud that we were able to create a Black Friday-type event in the month of April with hundreds and thousands of our guests lining up waiting for that product. But online, we know we had some missteps and we're doing a deep dive, we're looking at root causes, and it's going to provide important learning for us as we get ready for the traffic we expect to generate during the holiday season.
But we are very committed to putting our capital behind improving technology capabilities and the supply chain requirements necessary to continue to grow that business at the accelerated rates we're delivering right now.

Answer_16:

          Well, this afternoon would be nice, but we are actively tearing apart the learning and clearly want to make sure that we have the diagnostics in place as soon as possible. And we're making the necessary adjustments and investments to enhance our overall digital experience. So this afternoon would not be soon enough and the team has an incredible sense of urgency to ensure that we have the right capabilities so that we're constantly meeting the needs of the guests.


          And, Greg, I would just add that we're never done with that. So certainly we're learning from the Lilly event and we will put that into play as soon as possible. But as we're growing at the rate that we are and we're introducing new code all the time, we are never done. So this is an ongoing effort probably until the end of time.

Answer_17:

          Yes, so Made to Matter has been a fantastic program for us, Peter, as you know. We went from about 15 vendors last year and we increased that to about 30, 31 vendors this year, and we're seeing about 25% lift in sales. So the guest is really loving the product that we're offering.
It's in a variety of categories. There's certainly food products, but there's beauty products, there's OTC, there's baby. All of them, though, are really driven by simpler, better-for-you product, whether that's in food with cleaner labels and organic, or whether that's in baby, where it's cotton and more natural materials.
But really great results and we marketed it most recently in the past month in what we call the rear seasonal area of our store where we brought all the products together for the first time and had really fantastic results. There was a marketing campaign that went along with that that really resonated with the guests and then the in-store presence helped make it easy for them to find when they came to the stores.


          Peter, I think the great part of the program is it's just another point of validation that when we understand what the guest is looking for and we deliver the right curated assortment, they respond really well. You know that we have over 25 million guests visit our stores every week. We know that 98% of our guests purchase natural or organic products. Thus we need to make sure we offer them the products and the selection they're looking for.
It doesn't mean that conventional products don't play a very important role going forward, but our guest has voted. We understand the guest better than ever before. And Kathee and her team are doing a sensational job of curating the right assortment and bringing the guests what they're looking for when they shop at Target.

Answer_18:

          I think that's a pretty good number. We're still evaluating the program. We launched the new vendors this spring, so we're still analyzing those results. But to Brian's point, the guests will guide that work. The important part about Made to Matter is that while these brands might be carried elsewhere, we have exclusive product with meaningful innovation within the program within Target, and that's what's really resonating with the guests.
They recognize those brands are at Target and they love to buy them. But they come looking for those new exclusive, really innovative products. So I think keeping the number at a reasonable amount so that we're sure that we can drive that right innovation, it's very much a partnership with us and these suppliers, so I think we're in the hunt with the right number.

Answer_19:

          Peter, Kathee and I have been talking about this for several months now. We're using 2015 to test and learn. Kathee's talked about key categories within food that we really think Target should stand for and we're looking very closely at how we evolve assortment and how we merchandise those categories going forward. But this is not about how fast we make the changes. We want to make sure we really have a chance to test, learn, get the feedback from the guest, iterate.
So then as we move into 2016 and beyond, we move forward with confidence. And with the confidence that the guest has guided us through the changes we're going to make. So we're clearly focused on it. The team is making very good progress. But we're in that test and learn and validate environment right now and you should expect to see much more unfold as we get into 2016.


          The thing that I would add is, as we're going through the testing, as Brian mentioned, we're testing many different things, whether that's assortment changes that we're making, presentation changes that we're making, supply chain changes. Part of our testing is to try to isolate those tests so that we can get a good read. So there's not going to be one place that you can go to look at what does the new food innovation look like. We've got it all over the place.
And the other thing that I would add is you know that we just hired Anne Dament to run the Senior Vice President of Grocery and we're very excited about that. She's been on board now for about a month and brings us 19 years of experience in grocery and CPG. So she certainly is learning and onboarding into Target and bringing a wealth of knowledge from grocery, which will also impact what we put forth in terms of tests for the rest of the year.
But I think you can look to 2016, as we learn and prove out what's working with the guests, what's resonating, we will start rolling those in 2016, but don't expect a big bang on January 1. To Brian's point, this is really about getting it right and delighting the guest, not moving fast.

Answer_20:

          So certainly shipping expense went up when we moved to $25, but I would tell you not a material impact on the quarter. And net, net, as we've said, as that brings more guests online, they shop our store and so a net positive, as far as we're concerned, across the lifetime value of those guests.
I don't have the actual number of REDcard holders that use free shipping on the site, but I can tell you the penetration of free shipping due to REDcard on the site is very, very high. In general we have a very high percentage of our shipping that goes out free from the site.
We talked about this last year when we shipped to free -- switched to free shipping during the holiday season, and I think that is why, going back to what Brian said, the supply chain investments we make are incredibly important for our guests because they provide speed to market from their perspective. But they're incredibly important for us because they improve the economics of our online business meaningfully.

Answer_21:

          A lot of that depends on the categories. I think the good part about licenses at Target is that our guests respond to them very broadly, so it isn't just a toy or a video game. For us, there's apparel involved, there's back-to-school products like backpacks and notebooks. So they have a pretty healthy margin mix, just given the breadth of category, and most of them fall into our signature categories. So we're very excited about the lineup of licenses and the fact that they start this summer and really go all fall.


          Okay, we have time for one more question.

Answer_22:

          It was mix is what came in better and I think we see that in two ways. First of all, there's just the mix of selling those products. And then when we see strength in home and apparel, of course our sell-throughs go up and so we have less markdowns. And so the positive benefits of mix go on and on.


          I'd only add, Christopher, that again, we saw that mix benefit both in store and online, so the combination of those two channels working together clearly impacts and improves gross margin rate.

Answer_23:

          That is certainly core to our strategy as we go forward. And I think what you saw, what we saw in Q1, very solid performance. Kathee and her team did a terrific job of curating the right products, particularly in those signature categories for our guest. Despite some of the port challenges, our supply chain teams did an outstanding job of making sure we had inventory in place for the guests.
I was very pleased with our marketing program, and if you haven't seen the Target style campaign or some of the things we just did for Avengers, it's spectacular advertising and the guest is responding to it. And our store teams just did a phenomenal job throughout the quarter, despite port challenges and weather challenges of providing the guest with a good experience. And it added up to really solid results in Q1.
So we hope that continues. We're confident it's going to continue throughout the year. But we feel good about the progress, we know we've got a lot of work in front of us. But that combination of strong in-store and online growth in the first quarter gives us a lot of confidence that we're heading in the right direction.
So, Operator, that concludes our call today. I thank everybody for their participation and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.

