Question_1:

          Hi, congratulations on really solid results. We're very pleased to hear about all of the progress. Regarding the comp in the back half, should we think about traffic as the main opportunity or would you feel like ticket will also be an opportunity? And as we think about gross margin and your product assortment, how are you balancing the idea of investing in price versus the innovation that you're conducting in your signature categories?

Question_2:

          Brian, you've been very agile with strategic decisions around the online and digital business. As we look forward to back-to-school and holiday, are there any key pointers in terms of the strategies you're undertaking, particularly as mobile and shipping continue to be hot topics?

Question_3:

          Thank you, congrats. And that was very clear on Lilly Pulitzer, congrats on that as well. Best regards.

Question_4:

          Good morning, and I'll add my congrats as well. My first question is on gross margin. Does the gross margin guidance assume a continued mix shift to the signature categories that you enjoyed this quarter? And is the formula for Q2 in terms of price and quality investments what we should be thinking going forward, i.e., you were down about [100] last year and you recapture about half according to your guidance, does that seem like a reasonable formula for Q3 as well?

Question_5:

          That's very helpful. If I could ask one follow-up on the eCommerce business. I'd love to get your insights, perhaps using REDcard data, in terms of how much digital growth do you think at this point is incremental, i.e., are these new customers or infrequent customers? Thanks.

Question_6:

          Wanted to get into a topic of traffic. I think traffic was up second quarter in a row that it's been up. I was wondering if you could maybe dig a little deeper into that? Someone in the grocery space talks about loyal households and it seems to me when you think about Target, you guys want to build frequency and you want to build these loyal households. How are you thinking about that? Do you measure that? Is that measure improving? Some of our research suggests some of the early things you guys are doing should be building this number, but I wanted to get your take on it.

Question_7:

          That was actually where I was going, not just food, just on the idea that I think your heavy users are up 25, 30 visits a year. Are you seeing increase in those types of loyal households? It seems to me that might be a key driver here as we go forward to get that frequency up.

Question_8:

          Perfect; and I had one other one. We obviously are in the stores quite a bit and I wanted to get your take, some of the pushback that we hear from investors is on the store level execution, staffing levels, in-stock position. I think people wish you maybe just could be a little bit better. And I was wondering what you think of that and are there initiatives to improve some of those measures? And where do you think you are, what inning do you think you are in on these areas?

Question_9:

          Perfect, our focus group of women was really pleased, so keep up the great work. Thanks.

Question_10:

          I think maybe for Kathee, the comment you just made to Scott Mushkin about a lot of the growth in transactions being driven by new guests, can you give us a little more insight to that? Is that a shift in traffic away from frequency and towards new guests and how significant is that and is there -- how are you doing it? Is it -- are there some new marketing approaches you're taking to get people into the stores to alert them about the signature categories, et cetera? Some color on that would be great.

Question_11:

          Kathee, can you comment more on the propensity to trade up for the guest? Is it -- is there something changing there or was that just easy comparisons?

Question_12:

          I guess a regional question, in terms of the comp on a regional basis in the first quarter, did you see any differences in your sales trends in states that are potentially a little more dependent on oil and gas? And then the follow-up there is can you also address any negative or potentially positive impact on the organization you see in areas that are increasing the minimum wage?

Question_13:

          Okay. And then secondly it looks like REDcard, nice pickup, looks like on a sequential basis and year over year. Can you talk about where Management expectation is now on this particular product and where we think this could potentially go over the next two or three years here? Thanks.

Question_14:

          A couple questions. I wanted to make sure I understood the SG&A progression a little bit better. I think, John, in the guidance you said we would delever 20 to 30 bps in the second quarter, which if I take your comp guide suggests it'll be up around 5% in dollar terms. Is that -- are we thinking about that right? And what's the real run rate once you get through some of these other timing issues and the breaches on SG&A dollars?

Question_15:

          Okay; got that. And then, Brian, I think in your prepared discussion, you've mentioned some disappointment on digital execution, particularly around the Lilly launch. Could you give us a little more detail on what's being done to address those issues in terms of how the website actually works or supply chain? Will you ultimately invest more in fulfillment center capacity or just some actual actions to try and address that? Thanks.

Question_16:

          When do you think you'll know the things you need to get done for holiday? Is that something you'll know now or was it something we'll learn in the fall?

Question_17:

          Hi, guys, couple questions. First on Made to Matter. Can you give us how many brands have been designated with that, what categories you're seeing being most impactful so far and what you're doing from a marketing standpoint to support them?

Question_18:

          And that's helpful. Do you think, is 30 to 31 a good number that you guys think you'll stick with? Do you think you'll add additional vendors to that program over the next 12 months or rotate out some and keep the number at 30, 31?

Question_19:

          Okay, that's how we've definitely seen it in the stores as well. Quick one on the food repositioning. What should we -- in terms of the cadence this year in terms of testing things, what should we be looking at? Is there going to be space allocation changes, is it going to be just new brands?
And once you do decide what you're going to do, is it going to be an early 2016 rollout, something that could impact a lot of that year or is it something that would happen later in 2016? Thank you.

Question_20:

          I had a couple questions. On the gross margin line, did shipping expense at all impact you with the move to $25? And how many REDcard holders are utilizing their cards for free shipping, so how do we think about that as eCommerce continues to grow?

Question_21:

          And then -- thanks, and the second question I have is there's a lot of license initiatives that are coming over the next several quarters. When you think about the year-over-year impact on the business overall, are those gross margins accretive in terms of what they're trying to do or would they be lower margin? And how should we think about that as it relates to the mix and the gross margin overall?

Question_22:

          So two quick ones. You originally guided the first-quarter gross margin up 40% to 50%, so was curious what came in better versus your expectations? Is it mix or was it the level of promotions lapping the level of promotions year over year? And then I have a follow-up.

Question_23:

          Understood. And so the outlook, and you mentioned this going forward, the outlook in the second quarter is predicated on recapturing both of those and then going on further in the year. It's really expectation that the signature categories out-comp more in the essential side?

