Answer_1:

          Hey, Greg. I'll start. We did see -- obviously, we had a very strong February and March, and felt really great around our performance in Easter. We saw that we took share in apparel in Easter and so we were really good there. But we did see a slowdown in April. A lot of it, though, is that ad shift that we were seeing. So that's part of what we're seeing with regard to April. But we did see slowdowns throughout the course of April. 


          Greg, let me provide some color as far as the geographic volatility, and I'm going to be really transparent with some of the examples. As we looked at business in April, and again in the start of May, we've seen a significant performance difference between our West Coast markets and, particularly, our Northeast markets. And significant variability, where we've seen some very positive growth performance across our entire portfolio -- in Los Angeles, in San Francisco, and many of our core West Coast markets -- offset by significant slowness in the Northeast -- in Boston, in New York, in Philadelphia, in DC. In given categories, we've seen dramatic performance differences. In the ready-to-wear category, on the West Coast and in parts of the Midwest, where we've seen an earlier spring, we're seeing double-digit growth in ready-to-wear, offset by fairly significant declines in the Northeast. 
We had a review with our team yesterday. We looked at categories like fans. We have markets that are up 20% and markets that are down 90%, so we're seeing volatility driven by, certainly, climate, but I think a number of other factors that we're certainly analyzing. Cathy talked about an earlier Easter. We've certainly looked at weather patterns. We recognize that, year on year, fuel prices have increased. And our guests and the consumer is spending more than they did a year ago at the pump. 
And we certainly recognize that within overall categories, today's consumer, our guest, is reinvesting in their homes. They're spending money on home improvement. We've seen that in our home category, which was up 4% in the first quarter. So, a lot of volatility, and it's both geographic and within category mixes. 

Answer_2:

          Greg, I'm really sorry but you literally cut out right when you said what you were trying to ask about EBIT margins. So, I'm sorry, can you please repeat? 

Answer_3:

          We did talk about gross margin. We expect gross margin to be 40 basis points at the midpoint. And we still expect a promotional environment, and we're planning for that. 


          Again, Greg, I think, under the circumstances, as we've looked at our competitors' reports, we recognize there's significant inventory in the marketplace. We expect the second quarter to continue to be very promotional, and that's factored into our guidance for the second quarter. 


          Thanks, Greg. 

Answer_4:

          Oliver, let me address the trips. And we talked about, in the prepared comments, we continue to see very strong performance in what we'll describe as that stock-up trip, where, as a Company, we performed very well throughout 2015 and again in the first quarter of 2016. Where we have seen some trip erosion is with the guest who is coming in for that fill-in trip. So, as we think about actions we're taking in our business right now, we want to continue to make sure we're serving the guest who's looking for that stock-up item, that stock-up trip. And we're going to be even more focused as we manage through the quarter and the balance of the year to make sure we're winning and driving more fill-in trips. 
You'll see us enhance and change both our promotional calendar, our in-store presentation of more fill-in items to make sure that we're doing both -- continuing to win with the guest who's shopping Target for that stock-up occasion, but also making sure we're capturing more of that fill-in trip throughout the quarter. So those are actions that we're taking right now. The team's working on making adjustments in our promotional cadence and presentation to make sure that we're doing both. We're continuing to win with the stock-up shopper, but we're also capturing more share of wallet with that fill-in guest. 
From a promotional standpoint, we would expect to see most of the intensity in the apparel space, where we certainly recognize that many of our competitors are sitting on high levels of inventory. We've got to be prepared for continued promotional intensity in that space. And I think we're well positioned, as both Cathy and John have noted, to manage through that throughout the quarter. 

Answer_5:

          Well, I think, Oliver, the one thing that we continue to see, and we've embraced as an organization, is whether our guest is shopping in-store or online, it starts digitally. So we continue to make sure we're investing in our digital assets to make sure we're providing the ease and convenience for our guests, whether they're in-store or shopping online. It's why we've made such a commitment, as John talked about, to enhancing our order online, pick up in-store capabilities. It's why we've elevated our focus on making sure that we provide an easy shopping experience for our guest online. We continue to build out those capabilities. 
So, we recognize that, even as we look at the start of 2016, the majority of the retail business in the United States continues to be done in stores, but it starts online. So we better have great digital capabilities to make sure, when our guest is shopping Target -- no matter how they shop -- we make it a convenient, easy experience. So that has not changed dramatically. And one of the numbers that we feel best about in the first quarter is the fact that, on top of a very strong 38% growth in the first quarter of 2015, we grew our digital sales by 23%. So we're continuing to connect with that guest that wants to shop Target online, and we'll continue to invest and build our capabilities in that space. 


          Thank you. 

Answer_6:

          Joe, in some ways, you're looking inside of our current play-book. And, certainly, as we think about winning more trips with that fill-in guest, Cartwheel plays an incredibly important role. And we'll continue to make sure that we activate Cartwheel to drive those trips and meet that guest's need. 
One of the things that we're certainly recognizing, as we look at 2016 shopping patterns, is there is a consumer and a guest who continues to look for value. And that value is expressed in more fill-in trips, buying smaller packs, smaller baskets. So, again, it's not a shift in our strategy; it's a recognition that we have to do both. We have to continue to delight the guests when they come to Target for that big stock-up occasion, and we have to have the right assortment, the right value, the right presentation for that guest who's coming to us for the fill-in trip. 
So, Cartwheel plays a very important role in that. And, as we think about adjustments and modifications we're making to our plans, Cartwheel plays a very important role in driving more trips back to our stores and certainly meeting the needs of our guest who's coming to us for that fill-in occasion. 

Answer_7:

          Joe, it was a significant disruption. You know our stores. You know the layout. And for all of our center store dry grocery items, we moved every one of those aisles in all of our stores. So, significant disruption for the guest. 
Short term, it certainly has an impact on our performance in grocery and food. But, as we've made the changes, the response we're seeing from the guest is very encouraging. They're recognizing the new assortment, the new brands, more local items, the fact that we have more organic and gluten-free items on our shelves. And, in many of these categories -- like the significant change we made in bars -- we're seeing very strong sales results coming out of the reset. 
So, it was an investment we had to make, in both labor and in disruption, to make sure we continue to move forward in the reinvention of food. So, short term, it had a meaningful impact on our food sales. But we certainly expect to see the recovery over the balance of this year as we provide a more relevant assortment to our Target grocery shopper. 


          Thank you. 

Answer_8:

          We were as promotional as necessary. We drove, as we shared, a 4% comp in our signature categories, which are the areas that tend to be more promotional. So we feel very good about our promotional cadence. Continue to work on being more and more effective, but still have a long way to go there. So I wouldn't say that we saved any on promotions, in particular. We were as promotional as we thought was appropriate and it showed up in our comp. 


          Chris, I'd only add that, as we look at individual category performance, we felt like we were very competitive in categories like apparel, where, as we look at the NPD data, we look at the market-share results, we were one of the big market-share winners in the first quarter. And, clearly, in apparel, we picked up market share the two weeks leading up to Easter, during the Easter week, and the week following. 
So, our assortment, our presentation, our promotions certainly connected with the guest. And, in important signature categories, we continue to advance market share. But we feel particularly good, in a tough apparel environment, that we posted positive comps, we grew market share, and, importantly, we grew market share before, during, and after the important Easter holiday, which is a critically important holiday for the apparel category. 

Answer_9:

          Well, on the in-stock question, I think it's hard to parse that out, a very difficult question to answer. Certainly we have some estimates internally, but it gets into trading behavior, as you know, and how guests will trade out. But, overall, I think the in-stock definitely having it there when the guest wants it. 
But, more important than that, is ensuring that they trust us, that no matter when they come in the store, we'll have what they want. And that's about building trust for the brand over the long term. And so there is an immediate impact, but this is much more about being sure we're reliable all the time for the guest. 

Answer_10:

          You know what, I thought I had said gross margin. I meant 40 basis points on EBITDA. So we should see actually a slight uptick in gross margin, a slight downtick in SG&A, and then the EBITDA was the 40 basis points. So, thanks for asking that for clarification. 

Answer_11:

          The team did a great job of managing expenses in the first quarter and will continue to do that. And, yes, it was down year over year, and we'll continue to manage our expenses. 

Answer_12:

          No change. 


          $1.8 billion. No change at all. 


          Peter, thank you. 

Answer_13:

          Bob, it doesn't. Obviously, it's been a question that we've asked ourselves. And, as Cathy and John have both mentioned, we feel very good about the progress we're making from a strategic standpoint. We've talked multiple times now, certainly we talked to most of you on the call during our March Investor Day, our continued focus on building out our digital capabilities, we're making very good progress there. We think those are going to be essential to our future. 
We feel very good about the progress we're making on signature categories, where we continue to build market share and drive differentiation. We're very excited about the early results of Pillowfort, and feel as if, when we launch our new Cat & Jack brand for kids, that is going to be another potential $1 billion brand in our portfolio. So, great progress from a category roll and signature category standpoint. 
As John mentioned during his remarks, our flex formats continue to be very well received as we move into new urban markets. We're excited about our Tribeca store that will open up in October. But we've been excited about every one of these new flex formats, and they've been well received in both urban and college markets. We continue to think we've got significant opportunities in localization, and the work we've done in Chicago and now Los Angeles just continues to confirm that. 
So, our strategy continues to perform well. John and the team continue to enhance our store and supply-chain capabilities to continue to meet the needs of our guests. So, as we sit here today, there's no significant change in our strategy, but, tactically, we recognize the consumer environment is tougher. 
We've got to make sure we're delivering the right value, we're winning with both the stock-up and the fill-in trip. We're making sure that we have the right experience for our guests, where they're shopping in-store and online, and we don't see any structural change in the consumer environment. We think this is a short-term bump in the road. But we think we're well positioned. And everything we see from a GDP and consumer confidence standpoint gives us the confidence that this is going to be a short-term impact and we're going to see very solid results in both the third and fourth quarter, and keep us on our long-term guidance track. 


          Thank you. 


          Thank you. 

Answer_14:

          Scott, it took place right after Easter, during the month of April. So, a major effort inside of our stores. We touched, as I mentioned earlier, all of those center store grocery aisles. We added a number of new items, over 1,000. We brought new brands into those categories, and we've expanded our Simply Balanced line. 
So all that took place and it was very disruptive, and we planned for it in April. We now have the work behind us, and I'm very excited about the feedback we're receiving and the responses we're seeing in many of these categories. And certainly expect that we'll see those businesses accelerate, now that we have more relevant assortment. And we've significantly increased the representation of organic and natural and gluten-free and local items in those aisles. 

Answer_15:

          Yes, I think that's largely the case, Scott. Again, as I said earlier, and I want to make sure we're really transparent about this with examples, we've seen very slow sales performance in the Northeast. And, we have the same presentation. We had the same ad. We had the same value. We had the same great in-store experience. But on a day-in, day-out basis we're getting very different outcomes. 
So, on one hand, it gives me confidence to say what we're doing is working, because it's working in many parts of the country. But we have isolated  geographies where, whether it's a late spring, whether it's a change in short-term consumer behavior, we're not seeing the same results. But we're delivering the same great content. 
So, I expect the Northeast to recover. I think spring will arrive there. And I think when the guest is out shopping, they'll continue to choose Target and we'll continue to provide them a great in-store and online experience. But we are seeing very significant geographic volatility, unlike anything I've seen in many, many years. 

Answer_16:

          Scott, you're spot on. It's much more about consumables, household essentials. And, to be very clear, it's probably less about promotional intensity, but ensuring that we are promoting and presenting the right items, particularly at the back end of the month when the consumer and our guest is more likely to look for single-unit items, more items at a value. So we've got to make sure we're making the tactical adjustments to what we advertise, what we present in-store, and making sure that we're winning both with the stock-up guest, but also with the guest that's looking for value and looking for smaller, single-unit packs at the right value. 

Answer_17:

          It's a fabulous store. 

Answer_18:

          I'm smiling, and I may turn this over to John. We've all actually visited our Bixby store in Long Beach over the last few weeks. The store really captures the best of Target in a smaller, 30,000-square-foot environment. And very positive reaction from the guest. So as we think about future flex formats, that is a model that we're excited about, a model that certainly seems to be connecting with the guest, and you should expect to see more of those as we go forward. 
But let me hand it over to John who's been intimately involved in the roll-out of flex formats and, specifically, the work we're doing in Long Beach. 


          I would just -- obviously, we're very excited about the performance of the stores. I think the financial performance, certainly, but I think, like Brian mentioned, really it's the guest reception of those stores. And, while they are very conveniently placed, like the Bixby store, they're not convenience stores. The intent is to lead forward with what Target does well -- home, apparel, our signature categories -- and that's what you really see in that Bixby store. 
We will continue to increase the number we're doing as we go forward, but continue to test geographies and sizes of stores and how those two work together. Obviously, the Bixby store is quite large, and that's a little bit different neighborhood than we've done in the past. 
So the Tribeca store that Brian referenced, again, very different. Very dense, urban store, two-level store. We continue to test configuration and neighborhood but feel very, very good about what we've found so far. And you'll see us continue to grow those number of stores that we open over the next several years. 


          Just to finish up on that, Scott, I think the Long Beach store that you visited is a great example that really shows how we're approaching each of these initiatives. We are testing, we're learning, we're refining. The team's getting better and better at layout and assortment, and you've seen that when you walk the Long Beach location. 
And the feedback that we've received from the guest is, even in a smaller box, it feels like Target. And it feels like the best of Target. The work that the team's done in the center of that store to merchandise our soft lines is really outstanding. We're getting great feedback around our food presentation in that store. We've got the right home assortment. So we're tailoring that for the local market. 
But it's an example of the fact that we've been disciplined. We're not sprinting, we're making sure that we're really thoughtful. We're learning. We're adjusting. And you're seeing each of the new flex formats get better and better in layout, assortment, and tailoring to meet the local market. So, we are very excited about it, and we'll continue to take that learning and build it into new flex formats that we'll be opening up over the balance of this year and into next year. 


          Thanks, Scott. 

Answer_19:

          Well, John, as you might imagine, we're spending a lot of time, and have spent a lot of time, as a team looking at performance from a number of different vantage points, both internally, but also certainly incorporating external data. Certainly it was an earlier Easter. We recognize the impact of that. Certainly weather in many major markets has been a factor. It's not an excuse. We've got to figure out how we perform under any circumstances. 
We know, as the guest and our consumer has moved through the course of 2016, prices at the pump, fuel prices have risen, and that's certainly an impact. And then when we look at a macro basis on overall spending, we certainly recognize that consumers are spending more on travel, on leisure activities, they've been investing in their homes, as I mentioned before. But there's no structural change that gives us pause and has us changing our strategy, altering our outlook for the full year. 
We think -- we're continuing to improve our digital capabilities. I think our store experience is improving each and every week. The response we're getting from the guest based on changes we made in apparel and home, and recently in food, are very encouraging. As John mentioned, our flex format's performing quite well. 
So we feel confident that the content we have in place, the plans we have for the second half of the year, some of the enhancements we've made from a branding and in-store and online standpoint are going to continue to deliver solid results. So we see this as a momentary speed bump, but we see no reason to alter our strategy. These are tactical adjustments we have to make. And, market by market, we've got to make sure we're well positioned to compete going forward. 


          Thank you. 


          We've got time for one more question, operator. 

Answer_20:

          So we, obviously, have insight into where May is at today, and then we've got Memorial Day coming. We've got great plans around -- leading into Memorial Day and have every confidence we're going to have guests come to Target, whether in our stores or online. And then, summer and warmer weather will come, and so we have an expectation that the trend we see today doesn't change overnight. But it does improve throughout the quarter because we've got some really great plans to deliver for our guests. 
And then also, in the latter part of this quarter, we have Cat & Jack launching, and we're very excited about Cat & Jack launching before back-to-school season. And we expect that to be a leading Target-only brand that will be a $1 billion brand in time. 


          So, Chris, thanks for your question. And I really appreciate everyone who called in today. We tried to make sure we allotted significant time for your questions. Hopefully, we had a chance to answer your questions, address some of your concerns. So, that will conclude our quarter. I appreciate your time today and thank you for dialing in. 

