Answer_1:
Matt, as I discussed in my prepared comments, our traffic was impacted by a number of factors including CVS. Do we certainly saw a slowdown in our pharmacy operations. We're working closely with CVS to launch the new marketing campaigns to win back our Target guests, and certainly to begin to unlock the potential of their PBM network. So that certainly played a role. But we also had other factor that we're focused on right now.
We're not pleased with the performance we saw in food, despite making some really good progress in presentation, improving our assortment, and certainly the freshness of our products. So our number one focus, as we sit here today is driving traffic back to our stores, and accelerating visits to our site. And addressing the pharmacy impact is just one of the variables we're focused on today.

Answer_2:
Matt, for us it's a broader story across the product suite. And one of the first things we've had Mark Tritton do, is actually spend time with our Apple partners, really making sure that we're putting the right plans together for the back half of the year, that we're ready to capitalize on their new innovation that they'll be bringing to market.
But again, as we think about factors that we have to address to improve our traffic and overall sales performance in the back half of the year, we have to improve electronic performance. It was a significant drag, 70 basis points on our overall comp decline in the quarter, and Apple played a significant role there. So we over-index with Apple products, our guests come to us looking for those products, they're looking for the newness and innovation, and we're putting together plans with Apple, and our merchandising teams to make sure we're ready to take advantage of that in the back half of the year.

Thanks, Matt.

Answer_3:
Good morning, David.

Answer_4:
Well, Matt, I think we've seen this environment persist now for well over a year. It's a very cautious consumer. If we look at the overall trends within retail, we've certainly seen on a rolling 12 month basis a slowdown in retail sales growth, but that's not an excuse for us.
We got to make sure we're leveraging our strategic levers. We continue to make sure we improve our in-store experience.
As John talked about during the call, we've got to make sure that we offer a sensational in-store pick-up experience. And also make sure that our site is easier to work with and allows us to ship directly to home. So we've got to make sure we're leveraging the key components of our strategy.
I feel really good about the progress we've made in-store, in preparation for back-to-school, back-to-college, I've announced into a number of markets. I don't think our stores have ever looked better.
So it's a competitive environment, it's going to continue to be a competitive environment, and we've got to make sure that we leverage our strategy, make sure that we're bringing the best of our signature categories, and bringing the value the guest is looking for in core household essentials, to win trips, and win back trips in the second half of the year. So it's competitive, but it's always competitive. And we've got to make sure that we're leveraging our assets, and our strategy to continue to drive performance in the back half of the year.

Answer_5:
David, you've used an important term that I've been using internally, and that is balance or rebalancing. And as I look at my experience now over the last couple of years at Target, we're best when we balance both ends of our brand positioning. We've got to deliver on the expect more component, and I think we've done a sensational job there.
Our progress in apparel and home has been really significant, and we've got to make sure we never lose track of the other side of our brand promise, and that's the pay less side. And that's all about those core household essentials that we have to make sure are presented effectively in-store, in our circular, on our end caps, to our guest each and every week. So as we think about the back half of the year, and the keys to driving our business going forward, we've got to have both of those levers in balance.
We've got to continue to make sure our signature categories, and particularly those important style categories, continue to connect with our guest. And we've got to deliver a great value through household essentials, those every day products that drive that Target run. So that balance or rebalance is critically important to the actions we're taking in the back half of the year.

Thanks, David.

Answer_6:
Oliver, let me try to break apart those three questions, and have Cathy and John jump in as appropriate. As we think about the rebalancing, and the work we're doing from a merchandising stance point, an in-store presentation standpoint, and also a weekly advertising standpoint. We recognize we have to continue to deliver the right presentation for that stock up occasion, and particularly in the back half of the month, have the right assortment, the right presentation, the right availability of the items our guest is looking for in that fill in occasion.
So we're activating and ensuring we put those changes in place, to find the balance as we speak today. So we're certainly very focused and aware of the fact that we have to win on both fronts. We have the right assortment for that stock [up] occasion, and we need to make sure we have the right pack price architecture to meet the needs of the guest during that fill in occasion -- so we're very focused on that.
From a CVS standpoint, I'll let John jump in here. It's not a surprise to us that there has been some disruption and I think, for all of us on the call, we know what it's like when we change a pharmacy prescription, and move from one provider to another. And while they're staying in our location, they've got to sign up for some new programs, they're entering a new environment.
There is some time that's going to take. But we've been very pleased. John has been working with his CVS counterparts on the transition.
We've had great collaboration, great partnership. We're starting to activating the marketing and the personalized messaging. And we expect over time, we'll see that business accelerate, and we expect pharmacy and the partnership to be a future driver of traffic and growth.
But John, why don't you talk about some of the things we're doing at the store level with CVS?

Yes, I think I'd start by first echoing what Brian said, we talked going into the deal, we had a great partner. And that is certainly what we have observed through the transition here, been a great partner to work with. Our teams have worked together very well to transition.
We've done the best job we can, in transitioning guests. But as Brian said change is change, and sometimes you just need to work through that. From a go-forward perspective, we're working with CVS, certainly on some of their capabilities that they'll bring to bear for Target. And as Brian said, unlock their PBM network into our stores.
But more importantly day-to-day, in the stores, we see great guest service -- continue to see great guest service from our pharmacists. CVS would note that probably the best score they've ever seen in a transition like this. And then starting to work with them, to engage the pharmacy more back into the store, through things like the opportunity here at back-to-school, back-to-college with flu shots, and having the pharmacy play a more prominent role as we go forward.
And so the teams continue to develop plans like that. They're very focused on it. We're focused on it, and we're very excited about the opportunity here, as we continue to move forward.

Hey, Oliver, this is Cathy. I'll add a little bit more too around priorities for driving traffic in the back half, and that we're really excited to be going to this part of the year, where we have a lot of events, and that's where Target really has some great plans. We always have great plans, back-to-school back-to-college.
We're excited about, obviously, the launch Cat & Jack has started out very successfully, with a lot of learnings that we took away from Pillowfort, both online and in stores. And then obviously, we go into our prime time. And so standing tall on the events that we typically have always done, but we're really well positioned.
And then, it's the things that Brian and John have already mentioned, the rebalancing of our messaging, that we are re-looking at all of our grocery efforts around presentation, assortment and promotion, at the electronics, the newness that Brian mentioned. Then, obviously, the work that John just said around CVS.

Yes. So Oliver, as we think about the second half, we've got to continue to build on the things that are working today. Even in a challenging second quarter, we grew market share in the important apparel space. We saw very strong results in our home categories.
We continue to be a destination for toys. So we've got to build on the things that are working and ensure that we're also winning trips for those core household essentials. So we'll be focusing on rebalancing, on leveraging the improvements we've made both in-store, with our in-store pick-up process and also online.
And we're not altering our strategic focus, it's making sure we get our strategies in balance, and we deliver against both signature categories, and those important household essentials that drive traffic to our stores, and put cars in the parking lot.

Thanks, Oliver.

Answer_7:
Good morning.

Answer_8:
Well, we certainly think we are winning in the apparel space. And I think a lot of that's really driven by the changes we've made, the improvement in our assortment, in quality, in being more on trend with some of our fashion assortment. I talked about Xhilaration performing very well in the quarter,. Who What Wear continues to be a real winner for us, and connecting well with our guests.
And we've also matched that up with an improved in-store experience. And we've been talking about mannequins for awhile, but the role that our visual merchandisers are playing. The investment that John and I made last year to ensure we had, not only mannequins and home vignettes, but the talent in our stores to maintain that experience 52 weeks a year is certainly connecting with the guests.
So we think we're benefiting by really executing against the strategy we've been talking about for several years, making sure we have the right quality, innovation, presentation in our stores, and we surround our guests with great service. And that's paying off with market share gains in a challenging environment, where we continue to see improvement in our apparel and home assortments.

Thank you.

Answer_9:
Yes, Greg, we certainly do, and Cathy and I talked about this at the end of the first quarter. We've seen quite a bit of variability on a day-to-day, week-to-week basis between different markets.
We've seen particular strength in many of our West Coast markets, very strong performance in California, driven by great performance in LA and San Francisco, but other parts of the West Coast. We've seen pockets of softness on the East Coast.
And we've really tried to make sure market by market, we're looking at those dynamics, looking at the competitive dynamics, understanding what we can leverage from the markets where we are seeing increases like Los Angeles, and bring that into challenged markets. But we've seen over the course of this year in 2016, much more variability than I've seen in many, many years. So we're drilling down on that.
And as we think about our plans for the second half of the year, we're building market-specific action plans to make sure we address the market-specific needs of our stores and our guests.

Answer_10:
Yes.

Answer_11:
Yes, so it's slightly down EBIT margin, we said gross margin and SG&A about where they were last year.

Answer_12:
It is slightly up. So yes, so slightly down Q3, slightly up in Q4.

Answer_13:
Greg, we're very comfortable right now with our inventory position.

Thank you.

Answer_14:
Dan, I think it's largely driven by the new innovation that we bring to the guests in the fourth quarter. So we've certainly seen pockets of strength. I mean, there's certainly winners and losers within that space.
We've seen continued performance with wearable technology. But it's not overcoming the softness we've seen in mobile, in tablets, and in some of the core items. So I think the success of that category, as always is going to be driven by new news, and news that connects with the guest, and drives traffic into those categories.
So again, it's why Mark and his team are very focused right now, in working with our electronics vendors to make sure we have the right innovation, we're presenting it in a way that's impactful for the guest, and we have to see improvements in a category that's been a big drag on our comps over the last couple of quarters.

Answer_15:
Yes, I think, Dan there's been a lot written recently about the competitive nature of the food channel. And for us on one hand, we feel, I feel, really good about the progress we've made with assortment. If you walk our stores today versus even six months ago, aisle by aisle, you're seeing more organic, more natural, more gluten-free, more local items that are on trend.
The freshness and the work that John and his team have done from a supply chain standpoint is clearly connecting with the product we're delivering to the guests. And we've seen an uptick in categories like produce, because we're delivering better product. But at the same time, market by market, this is a very competitive space. There's clearly food deflation right now that we're facing, and it's a very competitive environment.
And back to the earlier question about traffic and performance trends by market, we're looking very specifically at food by market across the country, because we face a number of regional competitors, and we've got to make sure our presentation, our promotion, our approach enables us to compete market by market.

Answer_16:
Well, Dan, we've certainly used it as a learning lab, but our intention is to lift the winners from LA25, and quickly bring them into other stores across the country. And while it's still very early, we have effectively one quarter of learning under our belt, I'm very pleased with some of the results we're seeing in apparel, in home.
And certainly in food, whereas I mentioned during my prepared comments, we're seeing performance in those 25 test stores that are clearly, really encouraging from a food standpoint, particularly in the perishable space. So we'll be looking to leverage that learning. That's part of our strategy that we've articulated for several quarters now, that we want to use LA as a test market to lift and shift the winning concepts into more stores across the country. And we'll continue to lift and leverage the learning from LA25, to improve the experience in the presentation of product throughout our Target stores.

Thank you.

Answer_17:
Well, Scott, I'll start with, we're playing to win. And we've invested heavily in that very important category. We've had a long-term commitment to food, we think it's very important for our guest.
And over the last couple of years, while we've done it in a very disciplined fashion, category by category, and I appreciate hearing you say that you've seen an improvement in execution, and hopefully in presentation. Now we've added thousands of new items, and we've worked with our vendor partners to make sure we're bringing the right innovation, category by category. Our team is absolutely going, literally item by item, commodity by commodity, to look at how we source, and how we flow product to improve freshness, and the quality we present to our guests.
So we've got to make sure we have the right assortment, the right presentation, the right quality. We have to have the right promotional strategy to compete, but we're playing to win both short- and long-term. We think that it's very important that we continue to make progress in this space. We're going to make sure we do it in a very focused manner.
We really like what we're seeing in LA25. We're not going to roll it out to 1,800 stores tomorrow. We're making sure we that can validate what's working, and how can we drive profitable sales in that space.
But we are playing to win in food. We're going to continue to roll up our sleeves, and make sure that we're into the details, finding ways to unlock the growth potential in that critically important category.

Answer_18:
Yes, and Scott, in all due respect to the Journal, let me speak on behalf of our Leadership team and the Board. We have no hesitancy at all, in investing capital in our business that drives growth and the right returns.
As Cathy has demonstrated throughout the last few calls, even in challenging times, we generate significant cash flows. And we want to make sure the first thing we do with that cash is invest back in our business. So it's why we're spending time, looking at LA25.
It's why we've been testing a number of different features throughout our stores, from apparel, to home, to food. It's why we're so excited about investing in flex formats, where we see a very strong response from the guest. Those are delivering very strong returns, well ahead of our original plans, and food plays an important part in those smaller flex formats.
So despite what you may be hearing, we have absolutely complete support from the Board to make sure we're investing capital behind the initiatives that are going to drive future growth. So again, we're not just playing for just the short-term, we're playing for the long-term. Those capital investments have to be done on behalf of the guest and our shareholders, but we're looking right now at a number of different opportunities to continue to invest to drive growth.
So there's no hesitancy at all in making those investments. And as you just said, food and perishable and consumable categories will play a very important role in driving traffic to our stores. And in the future, we've got to continue to bundle that with the work John's doing, to make sure and we're investing and improving our in-store pick-up processes and experience.
That's an investment we're making, and an investment we're making for the holiday season. We're continuing to invest in our digital assets. So there's no hesitancy at all, from this Management team nor the Board, in making the right investments in our long-term success.

Thanks, Scott. Operator, we've got time for one last call.

Answer_19:
Yes. Joe, it's a great question for us to end on, and I'll take personal responsibility for this. I've talked earlier about the fact we've got to be rebalancing our messaging, and we've done a really terrific job of elevating our messaging and communication around our signature, and particularly our style categories.
As we go forward -- I've used this term before, we've got to make sure we're rebalancing, and we got to make sure we continue to elevate our messaging, our communication around style and those core household essential categories, which include food, that drive traffic to our store and are important to our guest. So making sure we go back to the brand promise.
We've got to make sure those expect more categories like style, we continue to elevate. And we've got to make sure we deliver the pay less component, and ensure that we balance the work that we're doing from a style standpoint, with the progress we're making on those core household essentials, which include food in that offering.
So it's really an important question. It's certainly a big area of focus for us, on the balance of the year, and into 2017. And I think, it's going to be part of the formula that drives traffic back to our stores, and improves comp store growth over the balance of the year and into 2017.
So operator, with that, we're going to conclude our call. And I thank all of you for joining us for our second quarter earnings call today. Thank you for participating.

