Answer_1:

          Bob, good morning. As we think about the holiday season, we expect it to be a very competitive promotional environment, like we've seen over the last couple of years. So we think we've got great plans in place. We're very excited about the merchandising, the marketing and promotional plans, and we think we're going to be very competitive throughout the season.
As it pertains to toys, again, we've had a multi-year positive run in that category. And one of the things that's really been important for us is working with key partners like Disney, Mattel, Hasbro, to make sure we bring new exclusive items to our assortment. As we go into the holiday season, we're excited to have 1,800 exclusive items in that category, and we think these are going to be very important to our guests throughout the holiday season.

Answer_2:

          Bob, as we think about our strategy and our approach, while we're certainly very pleased with the progress we saw in the third quarter, it's a result of being very focused on the strategy we've had in place for almost 2.5 years now. Our results and the improvement we saw in the third quarter is really driven by, one, our focus on those signature categories, our commitment to apparel and home, baby and kids, where we continue to see very strong growth and market share improvement.
We've been very committed to improving our digital engagement and year-to-date we're up over 20%. We saw 26% growth in the third quarter. And the investments we've been making to improve functionality and ease online is certainly connecting with our guests.
We've been very focused, as we've talked about, in expanding our format into new urban neighborhoods. And every time we open up a new store, whether it's in New York in Tribeca, or Philadelphia, we're seeing a great response from our guests.
And we've been on a journey over the last couple of years to drive greater efficiency throughout our organization, and with John's leadership, we continue to see very strong improvement in operational efficiencies and costs that we're returning to the bottom line. So our focus over the third quarter is very similar to the journey we've been on for the last couple of years, and we've just intensified our focus on executing against our key strategic planks.

Answer_3:

          As we think about the next several years, you're going to continue to see us make significant investments in our assets, improve the in-store experience. We're already seeing the benefits of the investments we've made in apparel and home. We're very pleased with some of the learnings from LA25 that we'll be transitioning into our new remodels as we go forward.
So we think the importance of the in-store experience, great customer service, continuing to bring newness to our assortment, elevating and developing our own brands. I think one of the big highlights for Target in 2016 is the way our guest has reacted to two great new brands, both Pillowfort and Cat & Jack have been incredibly well-received. The style, the quality, the value we're delivering is connecting with our guest.
So the combination of great in-store experience, making sure we surround our guest with great customer service, whether they're shopping in our store or they've ordered online and they're coming in to pick up that order. And then delivering great Target brands at a value. So we think that combination is the strategy that drives traffic into our stores, cars into our parking lot, and even more engagement online.

Answer_4:

          Scott, I will start with, scripts matter a lot to us. And key to the partnership with CVS is making sure we're working together to drive scripts, because back to the importance of traffic, scripts will be an important part of driving traffic to our stores, and we were very pleased in the third quarter with the progress we were seeing.
We're seeing much greater awareness now that we've competed the new branding. The combination of our in-store marketing and CVS marketing at their PBM is driving increased traffic to the pharmacies, so that is a very important lever going forward. And we're very confident in our partnership.
John Mulligan works very closely with the CVS team. We've got great plans in place for the fourth quarter, and even stronger plans as we go into 2017.
So that is a very, very important part of the traffic equation. And we think over time that's going to be a key driver of traffic into our stores.

Answer_5:

          Greg, let me start on the grocery side. Clearly, we have more work to do there, but we feel like we're making very good progress. Changes we made to assortment, improvements we've made to the quality of our produce items, and we're certainly pleased with the reaction we're seeing as we enhance the experience in our LA25 stores.
That being the case, we've got to continue to make sure we build a greater connection with our guest, as it pertains to the convenient food offering we provide. Mark and I are working closely on the next phase of our grocery evolution, to make sure that we continue to provide the right assortment, the right value, the right quality our guest expects from Target, while they're shopping our store. So you'll see a lot more of that, when we get together in February, but we recognize that's an area that we've got to continue to drive progress in.
From a loyalty standpoint, we are working very closely with the marketing team, to ensure that when we get together with you in February, we'll be able to talk about the next iteration of our personalization and loyalty programs. Key to that, Greg, is bringing together some of the great assets we already have in place, leveraging our REDcard, leveraging Cartwheel, which continues to see great response from the guests, and making it easy for the guests to leverage the existing loyalty assets we have in place. So we think that's a key unlock as we go into 2017 and beyond, and that will be a key topic of conversation when we see you in February.

Answer_6:

          We're very focused on our own opportunity. We're in 30 locations today. We think we have the opportunity to enter many, many new neighborhoods. We're really focused on making sure we build the back-end capabilities in supply chain, in assortment management, the in-store operating capabilities it takes to run these smaller stores.
We think the unique opportunity we have is bringing the best of Target to these individual neighborhoods, making sure that we custom tailor assortment, we bring the right assortment of apparel and home, baby and kids that's right for that neighborhood, complement it with convenient foods and household essentials that really make that local Target run impactful for the guest. So we're still learning. We're very pleased with the feedback.
But as we enter very competitive markets like New York, we're going to learn a lot from Tribeca, we'll take that to other locations. As we do more and more business adjacent to college campuses, we'll understand more and more about the needs of the college student. We really think right now, we've got a unique opportunity to leverage this new footprint as a future growth element in our strategy, and the guest continues to say thank you every time we enter a new neighborhood.

Answer_7:

          Matt, I'd start with, we feel really good about the way Mark and his team have managed gross margin throughout the quarter. But it's really a byproduct of the strength we continue to see in those important signature categories, and both in store, but importantly online. Our growth has been led by apparel and home, great strength in baby and kids, those important high-margin categories that drive differentiation for our brand.
So the benefits that we're seeing in gross margin are a byproduct of the strategy we had in place, and really making sure that we're building market share, we're bringing great style and design and newness to those signature categories. The payback has been margin expansion while we continue to invest in value, and getting back to rebalancing our brand promise. We're bringing tremendous product to the expect more side.
And now we've rebalanced our value message on a pay less side. So we were able to invest in value throughout the third quarter, and still see gross margin rate expansion. So we feel really good about the balance we're bringing there, and think that could be sustained over time.

Answer_8:

          Again, John, it comes back to the mix of our business, and the strength we're seeing, particularly in categories like home. The strength we're seeing in apparel and accessories, some of the strength we're seeing in baby and kids. So those are important categories.
Obviously in many cases, higher ticket, still a great value for our guest, but higher ticket. And obviously offset by some weakness we've seen in the grocery category.
So the mix is clearly impacting those metrics you're seeing. And we feel very good about the way the guest has reacted to the quality, the style and the value we're offering in those signature categories.

Answer_9:

          Absolutely, and again, as we noted in our earlier comments, while overall we saw our digital business grow by 26%, the bulk of that business, the high growth areas were in apparel and home. So again, higher ticket items, we feel really good about the progress we're making from a digital mix standpoint, and that's also coming through in the metrics you're seeing.

Answer_10:

          Chris, backing up and I know there are a number of embedded questions there, there was some shift because of the promotion between Q2 and Q3. I'd really focus on the year-to-date number. Year-to-date from a digital standpoint, we've been growing at 20%.
As we talked about earlier in the call, we're very pleased with the reaction we're seeing during key event periods. Back-to-college, back-to-school, a very important period for us, both in-store and online. And we think the combination of the investments we've made to improve ease, functionality of our digital engagement, and the fact that we're certainly showing the ability to win during key holiday and thematic periods, that's the right balance for us going forward.
We think digital is going to be an important part of our growth strategy going forward. We think digital is certainly the way our guest interfaces with the brand, whether they're in-store or online, and we're very pleased with the progress we're making. Our overall growth rate is approximately 2X the digital industry.
So we're building market share. We're winning during key seasons. And we certainly expect that to be a key driver to our fourth-quarter success.

Answer_11:

          Chris, this is Cathy. As we said, we're guiding for EBIT margin to be up about 10 basis points. We do -- CVS was -- we closed it remember, about halfway through the fourth quarter last year, so we'll get a little bit of that impact still.
The biggest driver in the fourth quarter as we said was the -- is SG&A. So we'll continue to see some improvement there, and that's going to get us that 10 basis of EBIT margin.

Answer_12:

          Robert, we appreciate that. Thank you.

Answer_13:

          Great question, Robbie. I think the team has made a lot of progress, and as we said, at least the way we measure it today, our in-stocks, out of stocks is actually the number we focus more on, is at our historically low number. So we feel great about that.
Having said that, we think there continues to be significant opportunity for us and I think we see opportunity first at a store level, ensuring we always have what the guest wants when they walk in, because even though we've improved meaningfully, there's still a lot of distance there to go. And then more important than that, digitally ensuring we have the right unit at the right place for the guest, whether they want to come in store and pick it up, whether we're going to ship that from a store, or ship that from a fulfillment center.
Today, we're not completely optimized there, either. While we've seen great progress, and there's absolutely benefit to the guest and their trust with us when they come into the store over time, we still think there's a lot of runway there for us to improve. And you'll continue to see us focus on reliability and speed in our supply chain, and those are the two things that we will continue to drive against, over not only next year but the next several years.

Answer_14:

          Dan, it's a great question and obviously we feel really good about the support we received during back-to-college and back-to-school. In those off holiday periods, we've got to make sure we've got the right balance between newness and those important style categories, and great value in our household essentials and food.
Mark and his team have spent a tremendous amount of time reshaping our promotional strategies, making sure that both in our circular, but also in store. It's really clear to our guest that we've got this great combination of newness and style, and the value our guest deserves and is looking for in those key household essential areas. So we've done a lot of work in-store.
I think with Mark's leadership, we're clarifying value on our end caps, clear assortment that connects with the guest in those off-holiday periods. So I feel really good about the progress. You'll see more of that as we go into the fourth quarter.
But why don't I let Mark talk about some of the work that he's been leading, as we think about really ensuring that value message is very clear to our guests, when they're walking our stores each week?


          Yes, hi Brian. Thanks, John. What we've seen is a hyper competitive market in the first half of the year and it really made us take stock to look at how do we represent and resonate value to our guest more readily.
So what you're seeing emerging in third quarter and more in the fourth quarter and beyond is a representation not just of price and value in our circulars, as Brian talked about, but in store ensuring the guest clearly sees that value up front and center. Representation on our end caps, increasing single price point end caps to really generate a buzz about our value, and really delivering on expect more, pay less.
So this is a continuing trend, and then the spaces between the key seasonal events that you raised, as Brian said, we're hyper focused on that. We've seen some strength in some of our options that we've put in place, and really looking forward to our plans about how do we continue guest traffic and post major events, where we do win.

Answer_15:

          Let me start with E&E. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, we feel really good about our plans for the fourth quarter. And obviously entertainment, electronics and toys are critically important gifting items for the fourth quarter.
So again, I think the work that Mark and his team have done to make sure, working with our vendor partners, we have a combination of new items, exclusive items, items that are on trend, we've seen a great reaction to our toy and gifting catalog, and we think that we're very well positioned for the fourth quarter. Those categories did trend downward in Q3, but the important part of the year is in front of us, and I think we're very well-positioned.
From a script standpoint, we are still rebuilding some momentum in that space, but sequentially we've seen improvement from Q1 to Q2 and Q3. We recognize that with time, as the branding's in place, as our in store marketing and the CVS marketing takes shape, we're going to be rebuilding and growing scripts in that very important part of our store. Operator, we've got time for one more call.

Answer_16:

          Oliver, great way to wrap up the call. From a fill-in and stock-up standpoint, again, the work that Mark just talked about on the value side, is clearly addressing the fill-in guest. I feel very good about the progress we've made and will continue to make in that space.
I think to the broader question, it's a terrific way for us to wrap up before we all get together in New York City. We continue to feel very good about the strategy we have in place, and how that will allow us to be very competitive, and continue to win in the current retail environment. We think the investments we're making in our stores are critically important, and that store experience that we continue to elevate is a very important measure for our guest.
We've learned, as I hope you have, guests still like physical stores. And year-to-date, still almost 90% of all retail shopping is taking place in a physical store. So we've got to make sure we've got a great experience, we've got great service, we continue to elevate that experience and service, and combine it with outstanding merchandise and value every time our guests shop.
We think our strategy of moving into new neighborhoods, whether it's these densely populated urban centers or on college campuses, is a critical growth vehicle. And again, the reaction we've seen every time he we open up a store in Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, and certainly in New York, tells us our guest loves the convenience of having Target right there in their neighborhood.
But we're also continuing to make investments online. And we want to make sure we continue to give our guest the choice of shopping any way they want. The ease of shopping online and picking up in our store, which we think is going to be a very important factor during the fourth quarter.
But building out those capabilities, leveraging our stores as flexible fulfillment centers. As we go into this holiday season, well over 1,000 locations will be locations that not only you can shop in and pick up, but we're using to deliver the last mile. We think that's a huge competitive advantage.
So we feel very good about the strategy we have in place. We think it's a strategy that will win, not only in the short term, but over the long term. We look forward to seeing all of you in New York in February.
So with that, operator, we're go to wrap up our third-quarter call. I appreciate everyone participating, and we look forward to seeing you in New York in February.

