Answer_1:

          It's Brian Cornell. Paul, we're very focused on executing the plan we laid out back on February 28. So you're going to continue to see us invest in store labor, making sure our standards continue to improve, and we saw very strong progress in the first quarter; invest in value and continue to invest in the growth of our digital business. So over the course of the year, we're committed to executing against that plan. We'll see that continue over the second, third and fourth quarter. But the plan we've laid out back in February is the plan we're going to continue to focus on executing throughout the year. Our overall focus is to continue to see traffic patterns grow in our stores, improve and accelerate our digital performance. We want to make sure we're capturing market share as we did in the first quarter; continue to build and invest in our brands and, ultimately, improve our value proposition with the guest. So there's going to be no change to the plan we laid out in February. We're committed to executing and making those investments over the balance of the year.

Answer_2:

          Yes. So we are working to restore positive traffic and, more importantly, preference over the long term, and I think that's everything you continue to hear us say. And so over the course of Q2, we're going to just keep doing what we said we would do, and that is we're going to make sure we're continuing to invest in a great experience for our guests, both online and in stores, and you'll see us doing that. Mark and the team have some really exciting things coming into Q2, but don't want to dismiss the positives we saw around category mix in Q1 even. So I'm just going to tell you we're just in this for the long haul. We're going to keep doing what we said we'd do, and restoring positive traffic's high on our priority list. Mark, did you want to talk about anything in particular with regards to Food and beverage?


          Yes. Paul, in terms of promotional posture and the price/value equation, we've made some rapid changes in a number of our signature categories, but probably the key areas that we're focusing on, of course, are Food and beverage and Essentials. So we've been testing and iterating quickly since Q4 and definitely in Q1, and we'll see an evolving pattern of change and evolution on how we'll roll out both the communication to the guests and the simplification of our everyday price positioning. And you'll see that evolve more deeply in Q2 and then beyond.

Answer_3:

          Simeon, let me start by really summarizing Q1 performance. And certainly, I think we saw some changes in the overall macro environment, but I also saw -- we also saw very strong execution, both from a digital standpoint where we grew the business by 22%, but also meaningful changes in-store. And I think our store standards and our store execution continues to improve. I also think we showed great adaptability in the marketplace, and I'll let Mark talk about some of the successes we saw in categories like Apparel. But I'd highlight the efforts that we've put behind our swim business, where we started out with a #1 share position, but we saw changes in the marketplace, competitive closures, competitive exits. And as we talked about back in February, we are absolutely focused on taking advantage of market share opportunities over the next 2 or 3 years, and this was a great example where Mark and his team recognized the consumer opportunity, saw a change in the competitive environment, quickly build a brand by partnering with our vendors and introduced Shade & Shore during the first quarter, which allowed us to take even more market share in swim. And it's a great example of the work that we're going to continue to focus on over the next few years: looking at the market, recognizing where we have competitive opportunities, where we can gain share and how we use both our digital and physical channels to meet the needs of the guests. Mark, why don't you spend a few minutes just talking about the work you and the team did to take advantage of the opportunity in Q1 with swim?


          Yes. I think it's a great example of we're excited about our new brand launches as we've been testing, learning and constantly iterating to create new ideas, and they're really resonating with our guests. So as Brian talked about, the story here is really one about agility and market insight. So in -- where we already had a strong #1 unit market positioning in swim, we didn't rest on our laurels, similarly to our action in Kids, and we looked at this market with declining players and saw an opportunity to win even further. So we looked at deep guest insights, market insights and worked really, clearly, closely with our vendor insights to create a new brand, a new paradigm and a new service level for our guests all in a very rapid period of time. Launched in Q1, Shade & Shore gained share in hearts and minds of our guests and is creating accelerated growth and real confidence for us as we build our brand portfolio. And it's important to note, as Brian said, this was an omnichannel play. So we looked at both stores and online to meet the guest needs and get exemplary results.


          More work to do as we go into Q2. But as we talked about during our prepared comments, Q1, we remodeled 21 stores. We've got much more work to do over the balance of the year. We opened up 4 new small formats. We've started to make very surgical investments in value and simplify our value communication in-store and amplify that with a new advertising campaign that we call "Target Run. And Done." So in the early stages, we're going to continue to build off of that. We want to make progress every quarter. But we recognize it's going to take time, and we're going to stay very focused, very measured against the initiatives we've laid out. And quarter by quarter, we're going to strengthen our performance, continue to drive traffic to our stores, more visits to our site and capture market share as we improve our value perception and continue to build proprietary brands within our portfolio.

Answer_4:

          I mean, as Mark and Cathy have both discussed, we are making investments in value, very much focused on household essentials and Food and beverage. Those are going to continue over the balance of the year, and we're going to be very surgical. We're going to measure and iterate. We've already made some significant progress in simplifying our overall value and promo communication and now enhancing it with additional advertising dedicated to those core household essential items that drive trips to our stores. So you're going to continue to see that focus, not only over the balance of this year but over time.


          Maybe, Simeon, I'll add on just real quickly. So on -- let's look at the SG&A line, in particular, to give you an example. We invested more hours in the store, in store service and store experience, and obviously, we also invested in marketing. But it's being offset because of all of the work we're doing around -- in our supply chain and fulfillment. In the back rooms of our stores, we're starting to see some of the benefits there. Again, we're early days in a long journey, but you are seeing some of that offset. So it doesn't show up as apparently on the SG&A line. And then I'd remind you to look at -- I mean, clearly, not where we want to be with sales down slightly and EBIT down quite a bit more. So the investments are coming through as we said, and it's not going to show up in any given quarter. It's going to show up over the time.

Answer_5:

          Let me start. First of all, Jeff has only been on board for a handful of weeks, so still in the early period of time, really trying to understand our business, assimilating to the Target environment. So we want to certainly give him plenty of time to assess our business and begin to build strategies going forward. But I think it's important to recognize he's not starting from square one. Over the last couple of years, we've been very focused on improving the quality of our fresh assortment. And the work that our merchandising team and our supply chain team have done, we've made significant progress in improving freshness, evolving our assortment to make sure we have more organic, natural, gluten-free items in our assortment in each and every category where we participate in Food and beverage. As you've heard us talk about time and time again over the last few quarters, we made significant progress in categories like adult beverages. So Jeff will build off of that work. We've certainly recognized, based on the work we've done in Los Angeles with the LA25 remodels and additional remodel activity in the Dallas-Fort Worth market, that as we change the in-store environment and elevate the presentation, the guest is responding very, very well. So we want to give Jeff plenty of time to take his own inventory, begin to build his own strategy that will enhance the work that we've been doing over the last couple of years. And we're very confident that over time, Jeff's going to build a plan that will allow us to continue to accelerate our performance in those important Food and beverage categories.

Answer_6:

          Ed, we look at M&A opportunities all the time, but we look at them through a filter of what's going to really enhance our current business initiatives. So I would put out-of-the-box on the side and really think about M&A as something that's going to complement and strengthen our core strategy, help us accelerate, complement the interaction we have with the Target guest, and we'll continue to look strategically at M&A opportunities over time.

Answer_7:

          Michael, we are very focused on executing against the initiatives and investments we outlined earlier in the year. So we'll continue to iterate as we learn through our remodel experience, as we continue to open up new small formats. We learn every day as we develop new brands. But our focus remains the same, so you shouldn't expect to see any drastic changes. And we'll continue to mature those initiatives over time.


          If anything, what I would say, Michael, is we're accelerating. When we test and learn and validate, we accelerate our investment into that area. And so that's where we're looking across the company. When we see an opportunity to accelerate something that's working along our strategies, that's what we're doing.


          Look, Michael, over the next couple of years, you should expect us to continue to focus on reimagining our existing stores. Adding new small formats that bring us into urban markets and on to college campuses, our continued investment in supply chain and technology, the support of our new brands that we'll be launching over the next 18 months, those commitments will not change. And our focus is on execution. And I think what we saw in the first quarter is a company that's making progress, we still have a long way to go, but continuing to focus on executing each and every day, both in our physical and digital channels. And that's not going to change over the next few years.

Answer_8:

          Yes. I'm happy to take that, Michael. I think that -- we started work here in earnest in Q4 and continuing with healthy work in Q1. We actually show our indices are actually closer than the guest gives us credit for, and that's an issue for us because we know that's a bigger message that we need to convey. So we're continuing to sharpen our price and our value messaging at the same time and make sure that we move to a more regional-based pricing, localized pricing so we're more relevant to the guest and the competitive set, which is not what we're doing during '16 and we've rapidly iterated on in '17. So you'd see more of that activity and more of that benefit as we move through 2017.

Answer_9:

          Yes. So I'm happy to start, Kate, and then Mark can amplify as well. So on the impact that we saw coming through gross margin, as Mark shared and we've shared actually for a couple of quarters, our biggest work has got to be around making sure that the value we're delivering is really clear. And it's going to take a while for our guest to give us credit for that, and so that's the work that we're going to continue to do. So while we're sharpening and making it more regionalized, you'll see that come through slightly. But the bigger effort is all of the work we're doing like the "Target Run. And Done." campaign that we launched this last quarter and making sure that our guests recognize the value we are delivering.


          Yes. I'd just add into that, Kate. Our efforts, as we've discussed, are quite surgical. So we're doing this area by area, classification by classification as an evolving transfer. And we've really begun those efforts through Q1 but more in the back end as we matched to the "Target Run. And Done." campaign. So what we're seeing here is, on the handle side, we've been clear that we've had up to 28 different handles that we've been using to resonate value across all our classifications. So rationalizing the voice and the nomenclature down is part of that. So we -- that's why we've come into Q2 with an evolving position, and we'll assess its impact and its opportunity.

Answer_10:

          Yes. As we said in our Q2 remarks and guidance, that we expect a couple hundred million dollars of EBIT decrease, and we also said that the majority of that would be in SG&A. So it's pretty -- I think it's pretty safe to assume that, that would be how I'd quantify the shift from Q1 into Q2.

Answer_11:

          Greg, we'll talk more about that in the second half of the year. We're spending a lot of time right now with Rick Gomez, who's now our Chief Marketing Officer, really stepping back and thinking about loyalty and, importantly, as you just said, the integration of the REDcard into that loyalty program. And one of the other highlights from the first quarter is the continued penetration growth of our REDcard. So we recognize that's a very important asset that we need to leverage going forward, and Rick and his team are working right now to think about the next phase of loyalty and how we continue to leverage the REDcard to build even a stronger relationship with our guests. So you're spot on, and we'll talk about that much more in the second half of the year.

Answer_12:

          Greg, you know we don't break out monthly sales. As we said, we saw strengthening in the latter half of February, into March and April. But obviously, our comps were still down for the quarter, so we've got work to do. We're not satisfied with where we ended up. But we certainly feel good about the progress we made in the quarter and, importantly, the market share gains that we saw in very important signature categories. So we're focused on driving traffic. We are certainly committed to restoring positive comps throughout our system. But one of the other important metrics that we're going to be looking at every single quarter is how we're performing from a market share standpoint, and I feel very good about some of the market share gains that our team achieved in Q1. We're going to continue to focus on market share opportunities throughout the year.

Answer_13:

          John, there's a lot of learnings that we're bringing forward from those small stores, not only as we expand into new markets but as we think about application to our traditional stores. I think the biggest learning is, as we move into these new neighborhoods, consumers love Target and they love the brand. And the response we're seeing has been really outstanding. So we feel very good about our small-format strategy. As we move into new neighborhoods, we're getting better and better at curating and localizing assortments, understanding how to operate in various markets. And we're also encouraged to see the early comp results as we lap some of the new small formats we opened up last year. So encouraging signs, and we're going to build off of that as we go forward. So we feel good about the progress we made in Q1. But as a team, we're not doing high fives. We know we've got a lot of work to do. But I think it's important, as we end, to recognize, as a company, we have a very strong foundation. If you look at our results in the first quarter, we generated $16 billion of revenue. Our operating income was almost $1.2 billion. We were able to invest $500 million of CapEx and still see a very strong return on invested capital of over 14%. And as we did that, we were able to reduce inventories by over 5%. So we know we've got a lot of additional work to do, but I think it's important to recognize we're a fundamentally sound company. We've got a very clear strategy in place, and now our focus over the balance of the next 3 years is week-to-week execution, both from a physical and digital standpoint. 
So we appreciate you dialing in today. We look forward to talking to you at the end of Q2. And operator, that concludes our call. Thank you.







