Question_1:

          Wanted to just inquire about the initial guidance given this year around the $1 billion investment. You mentioned some timing factors between SG&A in 1Q and 2Q. But even looking at the guidance provided for 2Q, the first half is certainly running at a run rate below that of $1 billion in investments. Help us just understand, have there been meaningful offsets? Or should we expect a spike perhaps in that investment pace in the second half?

Question_2:

          And just as a quick follow-up, Cathy, you gave guidance for negative low single-digit comps in 2Q. Just help us understand some more of the puts and takes from a category standpoint. How are you guys focused on improving traffic trends back into positive -- on the positive side -- yes, sorry, excuse me, on the positive standpoint. And then also, specifically, if you can speak on Food and essentials, is really what I would like to dig on, on how we get that positive as well.

Question_3:

          So just to follow up on the guidance for the second quarter, can you just talk about the change in momentum that you experienced in March? Do you think that was the environment improving? Or was it some of your actions? You mentioned, I think, Victoria Beckham, and I don't think these things have been material, but I know that, that product line came in March. And I don't know the timing of Electronics and Switch. And then the compares, I believe, get easier -- or got easier in April and stay relatively easy for the quarter. Can you give us a sense, is the run rate deteriorating? Or is your outlook just being conservative at this point?

Question_4:

          And then, if I can ask one follow-up on investments. You mentioned you're starting to make some value investments. Can you give us any color on time frame, on categories? Is it broad-based? And back to the earlier question, it looked like this quarter, the decline in EBIT looked commensurate with the comp decline. It didn't look like this was a big period of investment. And again, behind the scenes, there might be that we don't see. So just curious of how we should lay that out for the rest of the year.

Question_5:

          Could you talk about how your strategy in Food may evolve with the hiring of Jeff Burt from Kroger? And I guess, if you were to take a step back and really start to think about it, what are the 2 or 3 things that you really are looking for him to accomplish here?

Question_6:

          Just a follow-up related to Food. On Monday, there was an article on -- in The Journal about you guys. I'm sure you saw. There was a mention in there about maybe your interest in Sprouts last year. I'm just curious as to -- how do you think about acquisitions generally? And are you interested, willing and thinking about out-of-the-box alternatives through maybe like M&A to reposition this business?

Question_7:

          It's on the investments you're making this year. To what degree are you moderating and altering them based on the week-to-week and the sales trends that you're seeing? So if sales are better than expected, are you actually pulling back on some of those investments?

Question_8:

          Brian, within the grocery and essentials category, can you give us a sense where you think your pricing gap is to the market today and where you think it needs to be over time?

Question_9:

          With regards to moving to EDLP and the value messaging, I just wondered how much that move weighed on margins in Q1 and where you're seeing more success in that move and where you think you have more work to do. And then, in that same context, I think you've noted before that there's been fits and starts with how you've communicated your value message. Can you explain how and what you did during Q1 to convey that better to your customer?

Question_10:

          I had a couple of questions. One, Cathy, sort of a housekeeping. You mentioned there was a timing issue in SG&A. Could you quantify how much that helped SG&A or how much we should expect it to come in, in the second quarter?

Question_11:

          Got it. That's helpful. And then a bigger-picture question. We've talked a lot about traffic, but I don't think we've touched yet on the loyalty programs and the frequency you could drive from REDcard and Cartwheel. And been a lot of change in the market, whether it's Amazon Prime or Costco with their new credit card or Walmart with free shipping thresholds lowering. How are you guys thinking about integrating those programs to really help drive traffic? And is there a time this year we should expect to see that maybe enhanced or rolled out?

Question_12:

          And on sales, if I could just follow up, it sounds like sales improved in March and April, but we're still negative. I just want to make sure that's right.

Question_13:

          A question on the performance of the smaller-format stores. You mentioned that they had sales productivity roughly 2x that of the larger, more suburban-based stores. Aside from the difference in either being an urban or suburban location, what do you attribute -- or what can you tell us about why the productivity of those boxes is so much better? And is there any learnings you can take from the small-format stores to extend to the balance of the chain?

