Answer_1:

          With regards to both third quarter, fourth quarter and full year remainder guidance, as we said, we'll continue to move with urgency but plan prudently. And I think that's what you should expect from us. We are finding every time we see results coming from our investments, we're choosing to continue to invest to accelerate our transformation. And so that's how I would think about the backside of the full year. With regards to the reclassification we did on the supply chain depreciation expense, we posted a great schedule, John and the team posted today to the IR website, gives you 3 full years by quarter. You can see the bottom line, it's 30 to 40 basis points a quarter change. And you would see that -- the shift from D&A to gross margin.

Answer_2:

          Yes.

Answer_3:

          Yes, so it is. It's related to our increasing store remodels as we accelerate some of the depreciation there. And for the full year, I was just quickly looking here, we're -- you'll see a little bit of continued pressure coming through, so it will pick up. But we'll follow up with some specifics if you need it.

Answer_4:

          Mark, why don't you provide some insight into our view on Electronics?


          Yes. Thanks, Chris. I think, firstly, just on the Apple comments, they weren't just driven by tablet. They were all driven across the board in categories. And we had really strong showing in Q2 on the iWatch, which we worked with Apple on clearly. And we have a lot in our plans to Q3 and Q4 with potential new launches as I've outlined. So we think that there's still room for growth and continuing the trend. In terms of Nintendo Switch, we worked really closely with those guys as well to develop not only a product but a marketing campaign that the guests really responded to. And so we've been able to secure inventory and a plan all through to the fourth quarter, so feeling positive about sustaining a trend there.


          And Chris, I think it's consistent with our focus on bringing newness to the guest, not only in Electronics but through our assortment. And I think Mark and his team have done a terrific job of working with our vendors and also building own-brands that bring excitement and newness to our guests each and every day.

Answer_5:

          So Chris, as we've said, we know that we've got a multiyear journey around the supply chain transformation, which will help that working capital continue to come through the business. And we want to just make sure we keep making that progress through time, so not going to commit longer term just yet as we -- it's really going to be associated with a lot of the supply chain transformation. On the increase in CapEx next year, again we're not giving all of next year guidance but thought important to signal where we were going with our CapEx.

Answer_6:

          David, I would tell you it's a combination of both. And overall, we're very focused on improving the guest experience, whether they're shopping in store or online, making sure that we deepen the relationship with existing and new guests. And we are very pleased with the traffic increases we saw during the quarter. We're honestly very excited about the work that Mark and his team are doing around bringing new brands to our guests. And we recognize that to move forward and to continue to execute, we've got to continue to make sure we're providing fulfillment options that our guests are looking for today. So as John talked about during our prepared comments, we're very focused right now on testing and expanding different fulfillment options. We've seen some very positive responses to things like Target Restock. And we're going to continue to ensure that we could meet the needs of our guests no matter how they want to shop at Target.

Answer_7:

          It's a very important question. And I'm going to turn it over to John here to build on that. But we're trying to make sure we are very, very focused right now and that we have the guest in mind first, that the initiatives that we're bringing forward are guest-centered. But importantly, that we have the right focus on execution each and every day. And I think what we saw in the second quarter is a by-product of our focus on execution each and every day in our stores, online, in our supply chain. And I think you're starting to see that focus really connect with the guests.


          Yes, I think the only thing I'd add, you're 100% right about the focus. I think the key challenge there for us is to continue to take work that is not guest-facing out of the store. And guest-facing work there is, like we said, the investments we're making in Food and Beverage, in Beauty, in visual merchandising. That includes things like order pickup and shipping from the store. But there are opportunities everywhere else to pull work out of the store. And I think the stores' teams have done a great job optimizing within the box. We need to continue to optimize upstream to help them take work out. And that's a lot of the testing we're doing today. Now I didn't talk a lot about it, but we have test going on in multiple parts of the company focused on taking work out of the store, so they can be focused on the guest.

Answer_8:

          So Robbie, there's 4 or 5 different questions there. And we'll try to unbundle each of them. But as Mark talked about during his prepared comments, during the second quarter, we saw very strong market share growth across a number of categories. We continue to see share growth in Apparel, in Home, in Hardlines. And one of the things that, I think, we felt best about in the quarter, and it's a by-product of the work we've done from a promote standpoint as we continue to see our businesses in Essentials shift back to regular-priced sales and the impact of our new marketing and advertising campaign, the Target Run and Done campaign, which has driven really positive reaction from the guests and accelerated our business in Essentials. So that was a real big highlight for us in the second quarter. And we've talked about this before. We're at our best when we balance both style and household essentials. And you're seeing that balance come to play in the second quarter. And we certainly are going to continue that over the balance of the year and into 2018. So it was a period of time where we feel good about the progress we're making as we pick up market share in many of our signature and style categories. We've seen growth in our Essentials businesses. And we'll build off of that as we go into the balance of 2017 and '18.


          Sorry, Robbie, around Cartwheel. Cartwheel remains a really viable promotional vehicle and guest engagement tool for us. And what we're doing though, in the simplification of our pricing message and creating great priced-right daily items, is we're using Cartwheel, but we're reducing the amount of stacking that's coming in. And that's really helping us to clarify and simplify our message to guests about what true everyday value is as well as what's an exceptional promotion. So the rescoping of that has been tremendous so far. And really, our regular business is shining and our promotional business is rescoped in a great way.

Answer_9:

          Obviously not.

Answer_10:

          Yes. Why don't we turn it over to Mark to talk about both Food and what we saw during that Prime period?


          Thanks, Bob. I think that we outlined in our Q1 comment around the emergence of our strategy and that we're going to be on a journey of implementation as Jeff Burt joined us in the business. And Jeff has already come in and begun start testing and iterating new ideas and concepts on top of our strategies that are creating growth vehicles, so we're excited about that. The new people entering our business are just creating new strength against those strategic intents. So firstly, Liz Nordlie will add value to our own brand growth potential there and strengthen our efforts there as well as Mark Kenny, really with his expertise in general grocery but specifically in the convenient meal area and in bakery, et cetera. I mean, that is part of our ongoing strategic intent to strengthen and focus there. So these are key investments in our strategy and in our team, balancing them against existing talent. In regards to your query around Prime, we're really happy to see ongoing trends maintained during Prime period. And we had positive comps and a really strong growth in regular price business continuing through those days both in-store and online.

Answer_11:

          Yes. Thanks, Peter. So let me start with pet. We announced this month the addition of Blue Buffalo to our assortment, which is the #1 brand in the U.S. and a really core assortment get. And so excited to add that into our mix, and we already have a lot of data from our guests who suggested they wanted to see that at Target. We also embarked on an agreement with BarkBox. So really refocusing our accessory and our total assortment of doing business inside pet. So an exciting uptick there because that brings further guest trips and conversion. Around the Food and Beverage area, in terms of general assortment, we're still working on there and more to follow.

Answer_12:

          I think that we've talked openly about a roster of more than 12 brands that we'll be bringing to life over a period of time. We've begun that journey. That continues into 2018. It highlights definitely the signature areas, but the strength, providing differentiation, exclusivity and therefore, preference that Target through this is applicable to many different areas. So we're looking at all areas and opportunities, and we have some plans in place.

Answer_13:

          I think any time you focus on just one slice of the total fulfillment, you lose picture for the whole thing, right? We're trying to optimize the total economics for Target. And those economics include investments, capital investments we might otherwise have to make if we don't utilize the existing assets. So I think we can point to any one slice and say, "This one is going to be better or worse." But again, we're optimizing total economic picture. And I'd have you think about that. I think the remodels, where they will really help us, and it's in conjunction with us taking inventory out of the backroom, is our ability to optimize that backroom more efficiently to drive more productivity as we ship from the store. And so that's the real opportunity as we go through the remodel cycle.

Answer_14:

          For sure. And in conjunction with operating changes to reduce inventory, like I was talking about earlier, and take work out of that -- other work out of the store.

Answer_15:

          As you saw in the quarter, we are seeing the continued investment in both SG&A as well as gross margin. We also though are working really hard to make sure we can offset with efficiencies throughout the organization, where appropriate. And so you're seeing that -- you saw it come through in SG&A and in gross margin this first -- the second quarter, you saw in the first quarter as well to do that. So where we see the investments get the return that we expect and the results we expect, we're investing faster and heavier to accelerate the transformation. So I would say we're on path to what we said we would do. And you're seeing it come through in both Q1 and 2.

Answer_16:

          Yes. Okay, I'll take that one. So our promotional efforts are really a roll through the quarter event. And we began them in first quarter in April. And our second round of taking key items that comprise our guest basket and focusing on priced-right daily items really took hold and then second wave by end of July. The next round of that is through October. And that's when we'll be coming together to have a more concise in-store marketing campaign and regular cadence of new brands to the guest to communicate value. So we think at that point that we have a strong base to maintain. And this is why in half 2, we've been prudent in how we forecasted our sales and margins based on also unit growth initially. We see trip growth initially. And we need to see that dollar growth balance out over time. But we know that we've been patient with that, hence some of our earlier discussions at the start of the year are about investing ahead of the curve.


          Kate, I think promotions, along with many of the other things we've talked about, are still obviously in the early stages. Now we're excited about the results that we've seen with remodels. But we have hundreds of stores in front of us. We've seen great responses in some of our small formats. But again, we'll open up dozens of additional stores over the next couple of years. The brands that we've launched have been well received. But we're really just getting into the heart of the brand launches as we go into the back half of '17 and '18 as well as the pricing and promo work. So we're very pleased with the progress. We know we've got much more work in front of us. But we thought today would be a great chance to give you a progress report and give you a sense for the amount of work and the scope of work that's taking place within Target. So that concludes our second quarter 2017 earnings call. I really appreciate all of you participating, so thank you.

