Question_1:

          I have two brief questions for, I think, for Cathy. The first relates to the implied fourth quarter guidance, which seems quite subdued relative to a tough fourth quarter a year ago despite the fact that I believe you have an extra week in the quarter, and correct me on that if I'm wrong. And then the follow-up to that is just that you mentioned D&A moving higher. So if you could just give us some color on the magnitude of the move you'd expect of the restated D&A numbers.

Question_2:

          We have that. But just in terms of the -- I think you said you expected D&A to be increasing at a faster rate as you accelerate the depreciation associated through upcoming remodels.

Question_3:

          Can you try to contextualize the expected increase, how much the pace of D&A growth will change?

Question_4:

          You had a very strong Electronics quarter. The Switch, which has been a huge hit, double-digit comps in that. And then Apple iPad sounded like they're bouncing back. So it seems like there's a material contributor to same-store sales. How do you think about the sustainability of this benefit? Presumably, the Switch moderates. But do you think the Apple benefits on tablet compares and the new phone? And what other categories do you think could come in and pick up for what the Switch has provided?

Question_5:

          Understood. And then on the working capital CapEx side, you've seen some very nice benefits here on working capital this year. How do you think about this year, inventory outlook at the end of the year on the working capital benefit? And you raised CapEx a bit next year. Do you think that increased CapEx is largely offset by continued ongoing benefits in the working capital area?

Question_6:

          I really wanted to simplify into one question all these different tests and get at one issue, whether it's the roll -- test of curbside and same day, whether it's the rollout of in-store, all the work you are doing. Could you talk about all the new initiatives? And is it -- does it have more traction with existing customers, anything you can share, existing customers, capturing back more of their wallet? Or is it new customers that are new to Target as you go through these new initiatives?

Question_7:

          Just as a sort of an add-on to that, one of the things over the last decade that some retailers run into with all these attempts to reengage, a lot of which are very exciting, is either overdoing it or overcomplicating it. How are you guarding against at the store level the associates not being overwhelmed by these initiatives and managing through that?

Question_8:

          Brian, you guys have been mentioning the environment challenges, and we're seeing the very aggressive promotions out there in categories like Apparel. Your store traffic improved a lot this quarter. I'm just curious, are there -- can you give us any color, are you picking up more share from competitors' store closings than you would have thought? And then also as you shift more to EDLP while others are getting maybe more promotional, any insights from what you've seen so far in August that you can share with us on how all this is working out? And sorry, just to add on this also, and I don't know whether John Mulligan or Mark want to jump in on this, but as you pull back on the promos more, you shift more to EDLP, can you remind us where things like Cartwheel fit into that as you move forward and also how you see REDcard penetration playing out in your strategy?

Question_9:

          And any chance we can get you guys to comment on August?

Question_10:

          Just a handful of questions. You've had some recent hires in sort of the Food umbrella. I'm just curious as to how the new individual fit into the current strategy and whether this is a catalyst for a shift and maybe something more into the prepared food sort of side of the equation. And then secondly, if you're willing to comment, I'd love to know what the trends look like, the business trends look like in and around Prime Day?

Question_11:

          Mark, just was hoping you could expand maybe a little bit on some of the merchandising assortment changes that you're making in the consumable side of the business, the Food area, particularly in pet food. What's going on there? And anything to note there from a remodel perspective?

Question_12:

          That's helpful. And then just leveraging on that, when you think about the private brand introductions, I mean, good color on what's coming this year. But when you think about next year, is it going to continue to be in kind of the signature categories? Or should we expect some private brand introductions to start to emerge on the consumable side of the store?

Question_13:

          The only questions I have are essentially just on the pick for store concept. I just want to share a comment we had from an industrial engineer that was working for me a long time ago that it's about as efficient as a driver who takes 3 rights to take a left. There's a massive cost when you have people walk the store instead of it being your customers who walk back out on a simulated basis. I get incrementality. I get that you don't have to have the checkout cost and it offsets it a little bit. Is there something that's coming that you guys are confident on the operational side that will make pick from store the way you guys are doing it better than lots of other folks so that we don't face as much inefficiency? And similarly, will the remodels make those operational changes you think less difficult or more efficient in terms of cost structure?

Question_14:

          And so the micro fulfillment in the backrooms would be one of the benefits of remodels?

Question_15:

          Can you quantify how much of the $1 billion of operating profit investment you plan to make has already been deployed thus far this year?

Question_16:

          I wanted to just ask about promotions a little bit more, if you don't mind. I know matching promotions are fluid. But how much more work do you need to do in moving your categories and products to EDLP? And what way are these changes impacting the second half outlook? And I know you've mentioned that there's been challenges in the past in terms of conveying value to your guests. And I just wondered how this messaging has changed.

