Answer_1:

          David, I think sitting here today, we feel very confident that we're making very good progress against the plans that we set out earlier this year. If I think about the state of our business today, we're seeing a great response to the 8 new brands that we've launched as we've remodeled now over 100 stores, which we continue to see the list that we're projecting of 2% to 4%. We've seen a tremendous response to our new small formats that we've been opening up in new neighborhoods and on college campuses. And as you know, we opened up a number of new stores in this last quarter. And whether it was the results we've seen in Herald Square or all the way out in Hawaii, the guests have responded very, very well. We continue to see very strong performance from a digital standpoint, outpacing industry by a 2x factor. And during the quarter again, we saw very strong digital growth. And that's been underpinned by the progress we've made from a digital fulfillment standpoint and some of the things that John talked about during his prepared remarks. So sitting here today, I think we're making great progress, and I think we'll continue to see that progress extend into the fourth quarter. So we entered the quarter with a lot of confidence. We know there's a lot of business that has to be done, and we're off to a very good start led by the reaction into Hearth and Hand as well as some of the other initiatives that are in place. So I think we're taking the right approach, but we entered the quarter with a lot of confidence and making a lot of progress against literally every initiative that we set forth earlier this year.

Answer_2:

          David, we don't expect to see any deterioration in the progress that we've been making throughout the year. So again, I think we entered the fourth quarter highly confident and in a very strong position with our stores performing incredibly well, great merchandise, a terrific marketing campaign, great digital capabilities and an expanded suite of digital fulfillment capabilities. So we feel very good about how the entire business is set to perform in the fourth quarter.

Answer_3:

          Peter, I think Mark and his team have made tremendous progress over the course of the year. And as we've talked about a number of times now, we're seeing a significant shift of our business towards everyday regular price, which is really important over the long term. So we're going to continue to make sure that we're committed to offering great value, that we're priced right daily, and during the fourth quarter, we'll provide exciting promotions to support those items that we know our guests are going to be interested in shopping for at Target. So it's an ongoing commitment. We want to make sure we deliver great value across the season. And we're going to make sure that we couple that with exciting promotions in the fourth quarter.

Answer_4:

          Well, I think, clearly, as we do more fulfillment out of the store, we will add labor to support that. I think we've said since February, we're going to invest in the labor in our stores, invest in training, invest in having experts in the store, invest in having people on the sales floor and changing the operating model for those stores. So that's an important part of what we're doing. Almost separately and independently, we're building teams that -- so that we don't take hours away from everything else we're doing that are handling the fulfillment in the back room. So it's really a question of the operating model in the store that's evolving. And we feel really good about utilizing the stores, they're the closest, fastest and cheapest way to get merchandise to our guests. They have significant capabilities now. We're doing same-day, next-day, 2-day pick up, Drive Up, all kinds of ways to meet the guests' needs, and I think that's the important factor, all centered around using the store as the hub. And we think it's a highly efficient way to use our assets, and we have great teams that can meet the capabilities that we need for our guests.

Answer_5:

          Ed, again, as we entered this season, I think we're in much a stronger position. John underscored the fact that we've got an expanded array of digital fulfillment capabilities. Mark's talked about the progress we've made from both a brand standpoint but also a value standpoint. I think we continue to enhance our digital capabilities. So I think we entered this season in a much stronger position. And I think what's really important to recognize is the investments we've made in our team and our stores puts us in a very strong position as we enter the fourth quarter. So I feel great about the investments we've made in wages, in hours, in seasonal hiring. And I think our stores are going to drive both our digital business and our store business throughout the fourth quarter. So I think we entered the season in a very different position versus last year. And I think that's reflected in the start that we've seen to the season and the approach we're taking throughout the fourth quarter.

Answer_6:

          Well, Ed, we're hopeful that you'll join us in March for next year's Financial Community Day. Obviously, we're not going to provide 2018 guidance today. But I'll give you a preview. You're going to hear us talk about many of the same things we've been talking about this year: our commitment to the store experience and continuing to remodel stores across the country, our commitment to opening up new small formats in new neighborhoods and on college campuses, our continued commitment to digital, our commitment to enhancing our fulfillment capabilities, our continued commitment to new brands and building our proprietary fleet of brands and an ongoing commitment to value. And all of that will be underscored by our commitment to our team. So we'll go through that in much more detail in March. But as a preview, we're going to be talking about the exact same suite of initiatives next year that we've been talking about this year. We feel great about the progress. Our strategy is working. Each one of those initiatives is on track or ahead of schedule, and we expect to accelerate those initiatives in 2018.

Answer_7:

          Sure, Chris. Why don't we let Mark walk you through how we're approaching our investments in Essentials?


          Chris, yes, let me share with you. So we've been sharing this year that we took a journey in terms of ensuring we're priced right daily and that we were able to create and communicate to our guests the right value. And that started in April of this year and we completed that through the end of the third quarter. What we've seen with that is we had an expectation that's not an immediate just that (inaudible) response we need to build ongoing, deeper trust with the guests and get them to connect with that priced right daily ethos, and we've seen a really fast reaction, a positive reaction to that. So we're creating in trips and traffic within our adjustment on -- to be priced right daily. And as a result, we've seen an increase in our unit velocity. We fully expected and baked in some of the short-term sales deflation that we would see as a result. But we're starting to see that equal out, and we expect that stability to continue through the fourth quarter into 2018.

Answer_8:

          Chris, I think that's exactly what we're saying, continued investment across multiple categories. And as Mark talked about, the first thing we see is an increase in units, an increase in trips and ultimately that's going to drive positive comps over time. So I think the efforts are paying off relatively quickly, and we feel really good about the guest response.

Answer_9:

          I'll start with the in-stock question. I think, Bob, we talked about in-stocks last year in February. It's a journey for us, we know. I think we've made a lot of progress in in-stocks given our current capabilities. But we also said, in order to really solve the problem, we need to fix some fundamental capabilities in our supply chain around speed, reliability, inventory placement. And that's where we're on the journey. So the inventory increase at the end of Q3, as Mark said, more related to us being sure we're ready for the fourth quarter in categories like Electronics, Hearth and Hand, where we took positions, intentional inventory positions to increase inventories in advance of the fourth quarter. Less to do with our management of day-to-day in-stocks/out-of-stocks. We continue to work on those. And as I said, there is the short term, working within our current capabilities and in the longer term solve that comes as we continue to improve our overall supply chain capabilities. Your second question, I'm not entirely clear, Bob, on where your -- maybe you could clarify how -- your question, the store labor related to fulfillment, I'm not -- I didn't quite understand it.

Answer_10:

          Yes, I wouldn't compare it to third quarter. Compared to last year, we are doing more fulfillment in-store. As we said, we think that's the most cost-effective way given the total P&L. So shipping plus store labor, we think that's the most cost-effective way to do it. Compared to last year, we saw significant spikes last year near the end of the quarter, approaching 80% fulfillment. And I would say, when you get into that 80% range, what really goes up is store pickup, and we'll take that model all day long, highly efficient for us, highly profitable from a digital perspective. So when our mix gets that high in store, we actually like the economics a lot.

Answer_11:

          Matt, this is Cathy. I think I would look at it the way we -- we have all year been approaching it, which is, we're trying to be prudent as we plan into the fourth quarter. We're excited about what we've seen so far, but it's early in a very important quarter. The pressure that we are anticipating is around digital fulfillment as well as all the work we continue to do around value, and we're offsetting that with cost savings continuing into the fourth quarter. So I would look at it as just doing what we said we would do all year long, which is be prudent, plan appropriately and make sure that we set the business up for success.


          Matt, I'd only build on a couple of comments that Cathy made. One, we feel very good about the performance of our own brands and from a gross margin standpoint, both short term and long term, that's going to be very beneficial to our mix. Two, we are clearly investing in digital and digital capabilities and expect that we're going to continue to see strong digital growth in the fourth quarter. So it is the mix of our business that really makes sure that our gross margin returns stay on track. But the work that Mark and his team have done with our own brands and the results that we're seeing across our 8 new brands is very beneficial, both short term and long term, to our gross margin rate performance.

Answer_12:

          We are really excited about some of the capabilities we're adding to REDcard coming into this fourth quarter. I have to tell you, I'm one of the early users for our wallet application and it is phenomenally fast and convenient and a great experience for the guests. So as we continue to ramp up some exclusives around REDcard, our guests are responding. We're seeing additional capabilities come into REDcard holders, our best guest, into the fourth quarter. So I would expect that we'll see that trend continue to be favorable.


          Yes, Matt, I think we also recognize that as a by-product of the investments we have been making in our stores, our plans moving into new neighborhoods, we're bringing in new guests to Target. So over time, we certainly want to convert them to REDcard holders. But I think what we're seeing is, as we move into new catchments, these are new guests that are shopping at Target. Over time, they'll start adopting our REDcard. I think our new brands are bringing new guests into our stores, and I think the focus that we placed around value is also attracting a new shopper. So over time that provides us tremendous opportunities to continue to build REDcard penetration. And one of the metrics that we haven't talked about on the call is the fact that traffic was up 1.4% as existing guests are shopping more often, but it also is new guests coming to our stores and our site. So over time, those are potential new prospects for REDcard. And we certainly expect to see that conversion as we go into 2018.

Answer_13:

          Robbie, why don't we let John start by talking about that pickup shopper and then we'll come back to our guidance for the quarter.


          I might start up with the Drive Up shopper there. I think our guest survey scores there, NPS scores are, frankly, off the charts. We see a high utility. It's mom with 2 kids in the back, right? A core Target shopper who just doesn't -- it's raining outside and doesn't want to get out of the car. So we've seen very, very high scores there. The baskets are mixed as you'd imagine, right? Sometimes they're larger, sometimes it's only one thing. And the same is very true for pickup in store, driven by -- it can be driven by promotional cadence, it can be driven by convenience. There's lots of different reasons people choose that option and so the basket varies. There's nothing really to glean from that other than for both of them, we see very high NPS scores for our guests, which is the most important thing from our perspective.


          Robbie, why don't I clear up the question around guidance for the quarter and, really, I'll focus on the full year. I think our fourth quarter guidance is a reflection of the performance we've been delivering throughout the year. And I'll go back and note as Cathy discussed, our full year guidance is up $0.50. I'll do the math for it. That's $500 million of improvement versus our original guidance. So we certainly approach the fourth quarter with a level of balance and conservatism, but feel good about the momentum we have. And we think the performance we've been delivering throughout the year will be reflected in our fourth quarter. So we feel confident, we're making good progress, there's a lot of business still to be done in the fourth quarter. And I think our range of comp of flat to 2 and the approach we're taking from an EPS standpoint just reflects the approach we've been taking throughout the year.

Answer_14:

          Yes, I'll let John talk about the profitability component. But Kate, I think one of the great things about our strategy is the important role our stores play. And as we think about Drive Up, we think about same day, those are going to be enabled by the 1,800 stores that are in neighborhoods around the country. So we should be able to continue to expand that over time and meet the needs of our guests no matter where they live and which store they shop in.


          And on your question about profitability, clearly the closer we are to the store, the better we like it. When a guest comes in and picks it off the shelf, great. Only slightly disadvantaged to that would be pickup or Drive Up because there is one more touch. But really, again, economically, a great, great solution for us. As we get into shipping, same-day delivery is more expensive, there's no question about that. And at least today, our guest research leads us to believe, guests understand that. They want it priced right, they want the convenience and they understand there may be a charge to get it to them at the time they want it during that day, and we've seen that in the 4 stores in New York, no push back at all on the delivery charge. And the great thing is, we see the baskets, as I said, 6x to 9x larger. So that ends up being a highly, highly profitable transaction for us. And so there are markets where that will work, that type of transaction will work really well. There are other markets were, as you said, there will be standard 2-day shipping. And there, we're working hard to reduce costs throughout that shipping while improving the speed. So that's on our team so that the guest gets the great service and we make that a great economic transaction for Target as well. But we feel good about our ability to make it work.


          So with that, operator, that concludes our third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. I want to thank everybody for participating and wish everyone a happy holiday season. So thank you.







