Question_1:

          You mentioned several times throughout the call and, frankly, throughout the year that you're trying to take a conservative approach to planning, but you also mentioned -- and you also mentioned the strength and the confidence you have as this quarter that you just reported in the prior quarter happened in the traffic and the merchandising. Can you, sort of, square that circle for us because this is -- shares are obviously reacting to guidance this morning. So help us frame conservatism versus confidence.

Question_2:

          Just a sort of follow-up to that, is there any -- what would be -- do you expect to backslide against any traction in key variables, comp, gross profit dollar comp? Help us understand that with this confidence in the guide.

Question_3:

          Just on price perception, the work you've been doing, I mean, it sounds like you're pleased with where you've gotten that now at the end of the third quarter. Just -- I mean, do you think that, that's an ongoing process that you're going to have to do? How are you -- you mentioned some of the measurements you're using on that, but just trying to understand, is that something you let ride here for the fourth quarter and then reassess where you are next year? Or do you feel like you've gotten yourself to a spot where there's going to be no further adjustments required?

Question_4:

          Okay. And then one maybe follow-up for John. You talked about a lot of the fulfillment options that you guys are working on. Help us through -- how does that impact the store labor model as you see kind of going forward? And within that, the $15 minimum wage plan. I understand it's not a fourth quarter question, it's more just as you lookout the next few years. How do you see that -- those having an impact on the labor?

Question_5:

          Yes. So I guess, my first question really is around the fourth quarter and the comparisons that you're facing last year. So in-store comps were particularly soft, the gross margin was down a lot, there were issues around digital fulfillment. I guess -- you talk about the underlying momentum of the business not stalling at all, but can you talk about how you expect to cycle those issues from last year?

Question_6:

          Okay. And second question for you. I just want to -- I know you don't want to give guidance for next year, but I was hoping that maybe you could talk about the puts and the takes in terms of what we should be thinking about, areas that you could see outsized investment, D&A is going to be headwind next year, wages clearly seem like they'll be a headwind. Your thoughts on price investments from here, the Street's sort of looking for a modest decline in earnings, seems like something like that -- larger than that's possible. It's just -- I don't know how much at this point, Brian, you can help with that, but I think it is an area that we're all sort of wrestling with.

Question_7:

          Two questions. So first, can you talk about how is the Essentials category? It was down slightly. You mentioned more share being taken on the unit side. Can you talk about unit growth in Essentials and how that's progressed over the past couple of quarters as you've put more muscle behind the price investments?

Question_8:

          So I think in the second quarter, I think Essentials was up slightly. So did it -- was it essentially that the price investment accelerated and the unit velocity maintained? Or maintained its positive trajectory or did it accelerate?

Question_9:

          I have two questions. The first one is on in-stocks or out-of-stocks. You look at the inventory levels that Cathy talked about, are you seeing the in-stock levels where you'd like them at this point? And then the second question that I have is around fulfillment costs. When you look at -- I think you said -- I think John said stores are fulfilling more than 50% of digital, take it to 80%. When you think about the fourth quarter and the costs around that increased fulfillment of digital by the stores, is it a one-for-one basis in terms of the level of increases there?

Question_10:

          Sorry. Just from the perspective of the expense levels, like the pressure that you saw in the third quarter versus the expectation of the pressure, fulfilling more than 80% in the stores on the expense lines specifically.

Question_11:

          I've got 2 questions, and my first relates to gross margin. Just to revisit, the fact that you do have this very depressed compare from a year ago, and you're actually entering Q4 with pretty good gross margin momentum, down only very nominally in Q3 as some of your new brands are really starting to get traction. So is your thinking on the expectation of a decline in gross margin simply a factor of more business being done online each year and the cost of fulfillment associated with that? Or are some of the new fulfillment options that you're introducing just somewhat more costly and you're giving yourself room to absorb that pressure?

Question_12:

          That's super helpful. The quick follow-up relates to REDcard penetration. So we noted that the year-on-year penetration seems to have stabilized this quarter after having shown some increases for a period of time. Anything to glean from the stabilization of that trend?

Question_13:

          Just two quick questions. Just on the fourth quarter, the sort of the breadth of the range there, can you just give us the scenarios like, sort of, what brings you to the low end of the fourth quarter range, the $1.05 versus the $1.25? And the other question I had was just -- I was wondering if you would share some of the early results on the pickup customer versus the Drive Up customer? Which is better? Whose basket is bigger? How much bigger is the basket versus the store shopper or just plain online shopper that get shipped to home? Anything you can share about the metrics and what you're excited about there?

Question_14:

          My question was around fulfillment as well and a little bit longer term in nature. I had wondered with regards to the Drive Up and the same-day delivery, if there are any early indications of what the limitations might be in terms of where you can introduce that and then also with regards to the profitability of how those 2 fulfillment options relate to the ship-from-store?

