Question_1:

          -- that you have shared in the past if you have a parallel shift of 100 basis points, what that will do to your net interest revenue?

Question_2:

          Do you see going forward that changing in the way you are approaching your interest sensitivity as the likelihood of rising interest rates increases in 2015 or should it remain pretty much constant?

Question_3:

          Tying into the higher interest rates, you have been vocal about your funding side of the equation and what you expect there. Can you give us an update or more color of how you are positioned for the funding side of the balance sheet should rates rise and how much you expect to potentially maybe move off your balance sheet as it gets repriced into different types of products?

Question_4:

          My final question is there has been some talk about the regulators, the Federal Reserve maybe increasing the capital ratios for the largest banks to even higher levels than what you are mandated today to carry. Do you guys have any thoughts on whether that may actually ever get through that they may even raise the current Tier 1 common ratio numbers?

Question_5:

          Good morning. Jamie, first let me say it is nice to hear you on the call and that you are sounding good and that the prognosis sounds great and I wish you all the best.

Question_6:

          Just a follow-up on the interest rate points first, second. I know you guys have been very focused on the potential for a deposit drain as things are handled somewhat differently by the Fed given the current circumstances when they eventually do raise rates.
Is there any change in that thinking of the potential for a $1 trillion-ish deposit drain and maybe $100 billion for yourselves on the basis of the Fed minutes from last week which maybe were a little contradictory in terms of the mechanics to that Peterson Institute article, which has been I think (inaudible) in everyone's thinking?

Question_7:

          And given where you are on LCR, do you feel like JPMorgan is completely as positioned as it will want to be at that time, or is that still just a build that is going to take place in liquidity between now and a year from now or so?

Question_8:

          Great. The other thing that I would like to touch on is the expense guidance. Obviously, it has ticked down somewhat again, and that is probably partly because of the revenue outlook that we are looking at for this year. But is there anything implicit in that in terms of what we should expect for expenses beyond 2014 and maybe you can elaborate a little bit on how you are thinking about core expense reductions given a consistently pretty sticky revenue environment?

Question_9:

          Okay, that is helpful. And then one final one.

Question_10:

          That is obviously important. One last one for me, there have been quite a few areas where you have pulled back in order to ensure the ability to monitor and be in compliance; third-party mortgage origination was one, trade finance and in particular correspondent banking, internationally another one. Is all of the foreseeable pullback in areas of business for control reasons pretty much known now or are there other things that we should expect that you might be looking at?

Question_11:

          Let me just follow up on it then to make sure that we don't over model revenues. Are there still meaningful incremental revenue declines that we should expect from all of those areas that have been discontinued?

Question_12:

          So we have seen a greater number of sales in the repo market. It seems to me just an issue of available collateral. But I am curious to get your take how much we are supposed to carry on it and whether or not some of the actions by Treasury in the reverse repo market can take care of that?

Question_13:

          Okay, good. It sounds like you are not losing so much sleep over it.

Question_14:

          Marianne, you mentioned a comment when you talk about C&I loan growth, I just wanted to get a clarification. Last quarter if I remember correctly it was about flattish on a year-on-year basis and you spoke about price competition and some discipline on JPMorgan's part. This quarter you have a little bit more year-on-year growth. Still mentioned the comment about discipline but I just wanted to get a clarifying statement. Is just growth a little bit better, is the backdrop a little bit better and you expect to participate in that a little bit more?

Question_15:

          I appreciate that. Last one is I just couldn't help notice the balance sheet is now at $2.5 trillion. In your discussions, I know we can't purchase our way through without jumping through a lot of hurdles, but do you feel constrained on just sheer balance sheet size? And the reason I ask is I look across most of your franchises, they are growing and they are growing nice and they are growing organically through the investments you have made. I just want to know if anybody is bringing up the issue of just absolute size?

Question_16:

          Eventually maybe a little capital return too.

Question_17:

          Good morning. A couple of questions. One on FIC, one on expenses and one on RWAs. Just on the FIC line, you mentioned that it was a little bit better in the last part of June and then you went on to say that the outlook is for current environment to persist. So I just wanted to ask a little bit about which environment you are talking about just the overall quarter because the quarter ends up being a little bit better than expected right in the mid part of the quarter. Are you suggesting that the end of June activities is likely to keep a positive tone to what you are expecting in the third-quarter?

Question_18:

          Okay, and that is 15% year on year? That is 15% plus or minus down year on year?

Question_19:

          Okay. And then on the expenses, you have outlined a couple of different areas that you are working on to get the expenses down. The question is on why in the IB you've got the repositioning cost called out specifically because I'm just kind of thinking out loud that you have got to invest to get expense saves in a broad set of areas of the business. So why call it out in the IB? Does it suggest that we will see more repo costs coming through in other areas over the next several quarters as people roll out their expense plans?

Question_20:

          Okay, but in the other areas where you are also working on expense programs you don't expect that you are going to have any of those one-time repo items, repositioning items?

Question_21:

          Okay, all right. And then on the RWAs, you indicated that RWAs were up a little bit on operating risk, down on marketing credit risk and then you went on to say that was model related. Is that all your internal models, is that based on consultation with regulators? I am just wondering why the operating risk would have gone up for you given that you had your big settlement a couple of quarters ago.

Question_22:

          Got it. Okay. And then Citi settled the other day including again CDOs, you had some CDOs back in the day. Does that impact how you are thinking about the operating risk charges?

Question_23:

          Following up on loan growth commentary, net interest income dollars seemed a little better than you expected at the $11 billion, are you still looking for that to be flattish kind of top of the house NII for this year or is the outlook a little better given the loan growth trends?

Question_24:

          Okay, then in terms of share buyback --?

Question_25:

          Okay. So, yes, with the 5% core loan growth you would expect NII to be relatively flat this year and flat to up a little bit next year?

Question_26:

          Okay. And then on share buybacks, could you give us some thoughts about how you are thinking about using your buyback approval for this year? Did you accelerate some of the buyback activity on price weakness this quarter and do you expect to do more in the second half because the RWA reductions are starting to happen?

Question_27:

          Okay, that is helpful, thanks. On the mortgage servicing revenues, the outlook that you gave for the $600 million roughly, does that include any MSR risk management gains or do you assume none in that? Can you just clarify that?

Question_28:

          Okay. Last question on legal costs, this quarter they were mostly in the IB and Corporate. Any commentary on what type of issues you are currently accruing for and also could you clarify whether you have any remaining outstanding material mortgage litigation or is that mostly settled from the mortgage area?

Question_29:

          First, why did trading do better than the guidance earlier in the quarter and did that relate to the 8% increase in trading VAR which was a little surprising since volatility is still so low?

Question_30:

          I always prefer more guidance than less. I have two very simple questions with complicated answers I guess. But you talked about loan growth. Is this the inflection point for loan growth? On the one hand you said there is some inventory build that is helping, on the other hand you are not seeing CapEx yet. And two quarters ago you said second half of the year loan growth should really accelerate. Do you still believe it should accelerate from this level? Is this the acceleration or are you revising back some of those expectations?

Question_31:

          And if interest rates increase at some point, that could hurt the ability of commercial and commercial real estate borrowers to service their debt. How much cushion is there before you think that would become an issue or is that just not a factor?

Question_32:

          I guess the more general question is what areas and credit are you watching the most? I think, Marianne, you said auto is the best since 2006 and that has been an area mentioned by regulators. Is that the point of greatest concern or are there other areas you are watching more closely?

Question_33:

          Good morning. Can you remind us the timing of the private equity sale and how much capital is against that? It was roughly a breakeven business. I think you have about $6 billion of outstanding and what does that mean in terms of freeing up capital in a Basel III and SLR world?

Question_34:

          Okay, $3 billion. That is helpful. And then the commodities business you gave us the $2.8 billion of annual revenue (inaudible) and said it was ROE dilutive but care to give the expenses and capital against that?

Question_35:

          Okay. And then lastly, this is probably an obvious question but the $100 million gain related to IPO would have been booked in the equity trading business when you were talking about the impact of the markets revenues?

Question_36:

          Great. Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked and answered but could you talk just a little bit about how much of the mortgage business costs are fixed and how much you would be willing to let the volume decline?

Question_37:

          Great, thanks. Just kind of a small point, you mentioned a reserve release on the private student lending business. That was a business that you had kind of talked about potentially exiting I guess back in late last year. Is that still on the agenda?

Question_38:

          Thanks. I have two questions. One is kind of a detailed question but I just want to make sure I understood correctly. You were talking about equity trading revenues and I think you sort of said the decline was attributable to the equity derivatives business. So can I imply that then the year-on-year cash and prime brokerage businesses were flat and all the decline came from equity derivatives? Is that what you said?

Question_39:

          Okay, that is clear. Just sort of a more conceptual question. I look at your core loan growth of 4% and obviously everyone has commented that is very strong and I guess about two times the industry level and kind of reconciling that with the comment you made about C&I loan growth is kind of in line with the market and you are kind of ceding some market share on residential mortgage for all of the reasons you have explained to us.
So I was just wondering if you could give some color on those areas where you are clearly taking share and just some outlook on how sustainable that is or is it just kind of a good quarter?

Question_40:

          So all of those areas are areas you are targeting so they should feel pretty sustainable?

Question_41:

          Thanks very much. I just wanted to step back for a moment and think about what has occurred in the context of the key themes from the Investor Day last February and it sounds like there is a couple of areas where things maybe are progressing a bit more slowly and you thought mortgage it sounds like maybe one of them. But I wonder if in the context of the goals that you laid out how you feel broadly you are moving against them and whether there has been any real departures from your expectations sort of at the halfway point of the year?

Question_42:

          Right, so I guess the real heart of my question is we look at these financial results which are clearly better than expectation against a backdrop which maybe is certainly not better, maybe worse than what we thought at the beginning of the year. And I wonder if that then suggests that in fact things are accelerating ahead of the timeline or in greater magnitude than the discussion in February?

Question_43:

          Maybe just lastly, one of the themes for this year has been maybe the narrowing a little bit of the client base based on risk or profitability profile. I am just wondering how that is progressing particularly with respect to the commercial bank?

Question_44:

          And so -- and this is the last thing for me. But does that suggests that maybe we are getting closer to the point where the reported numbers in terms of the balance sheet -- the loan expansion and the core numbers will get closer to converging?

Question_45:

          Thanks, good morning. So on the consumer business, I wanted to ask a question about the payment side and we have seen really good volume growth metrics and that turn in the origination volumes. Can you talk of just about what you are seeing in the underlying customer as opposed to what you guys are benefiting from activation and new card growth, just your general sense of the customer and spending?

Question_46:

          And on that merchant piece, just can you just explain the disconnect between the volume side continuing to look better and then the transaction growth rate slowing a little bit recently? Is it a larger ticket size or are there some different underlying thing in the metrics?

Question_47:

          So it is how it flows through to you guys?

Question_48:

          Okay, great. And then my little question. Tax rate was a little low this quarter so your outlook generally speaking on the tax rate going forward?

Question_49:

          Thank you very much. I know a lot of questions have been asked. But I want to go back to the mortgages a little bit, the 16 billion. The market was up depending on who you listen to probably in the $260 billion to $300 billion range but you guys stayed relatively flat and it looks like really you guys gave up market share with MBS issuance stuff that you sell to Fannie and Freddie and maybe you picked up more market share in the jumbo market.
Of the $5 billion that you portfolio-ed that you talked about, was that all jumbos and you could talk a little bit about maybe stepping away from Fannie and Freddie?

Question_50:

          And Jamie, on a follow-up question on your utilization comments which I thought was very good, but a lot of bankers have talked about as long as deposit is growing, it is hard for that utilization rate to go up and we did see strong deposit growth and we are still seeing utilization rates. Should that deposit growth start to go down if we are seeing an uptick in utilization rates?

Question_51:

          Good morning. So, Marianne, I actually had a question about the presentation that you had given last month at the Morgan Stanley conference. You alluded to a targeted loan to deposit ratio of roughly 70% through the cycle. And I suppose what I was wondering when crunching some of the numbers given the tougher treatment for loans versus high-quality securities under the LCR, whether there is a peak level of loan to deposit ratio or growth that we should think about given the constraints which exist under the new liquidity regime?

Question_52:

          Thank. Actually that is a great transition for my next question which relates to pricing in some of the multiple binding constraints on capital that exist today. And some of the discussions that we have had with your competitors have suggested that some believe it is still a little bit too early to fully bake in the cost of managing to all the different capital rule sets that exist today whether it is risk-based, leverage-based or even CCAR. And it appears that you have been managing more actively to all the different constraints out there.
And in light of that, I was wondering whether you have seen any impact for more aggressive pricing by peers in terms of your relative market share in certain product areas particularly within the CIB?

Question_53:

          Thanks and I suppose could you give potentially any context as to what event may prompt that repricing? Even if the leverage rules are finalized and efficiently implemented this year, do you expect that that is when you will begin to see a lot of your peers began to reprice some of these effects into their inventory or into their trading securities or are they likely going to delay at least the repricing until the rules are fully implemented which is going to be a 2018 event?

Question_54:

          Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the SLR. It seems like the improvement you had sequentially was I think mostly driven by capital and the preferred issuance. Can you give us where we are in terms of compression trade and the impact, is it still a lot more to come or is that mostly in there? Then I guess any thoughts or updates on what that impact can be and if you expect that to be adopted by the Fed?

Question_55:

          Okay, got you. And then maybe just -- I don't if it is related or not but I looked at your derivatives receivable on the balance sheet, it has been declining pretty steadily down 20% year-over-year. Is that reflective of just demand given low volatility and low activity levels or is there something structural there? Are you guys actively managing your receivables down or just trying to get a sense of the cyclical versus structural argument?

Question_56:

          Okay, it is primarily activity levels. Okay. One last one on the CDO question I think earlier, I think we saw Citigroup settle with the DoJ regarding -- and they included CDOs. I don't think your settlement included that. Is that something that you think remains out there or just something unique to them? I know you did settle one complaint with the SEC a few years ago. Just wanted to get a sense of how you think about any remaining litigation risk around CDOs. Thanks.

Question_57:

          Just a follow-up, Jamie, on the FHA commentary that you had. I am just wondering about the implications for how you hit the CRA requirements. Is there any interplay there?

Question_58:

          So doing it in the FHA, you have got the Ginnies to their 4-year RWAs are lower, getting the same credit for CRA and loans is obviously a little bit more capital consumptive so that is part of the challenge?

Question_59:

          So this is on the reps and warranties on the FHA?

