Answer_1:

          So, Betsy, obviously two things. The first thing is that the most important time period when this is going to matter is when it's in full compliance and through the transition period in 2017 and 2018. So the result in the 450 bucket as we understand it is based on 2013 results, so we have to work over the course of the next three years to make sure we are maximizing every basis point of G-SIB and every dollar of capital to the fullest extent to deliver returns.
So rather say that to move down a bucket, just in general terms, is a fairly significant thing to do just given the types of things that are driving the overall score, but we're not complacent about it. We've worked in extreme granularity to make sure that from the very first basis point that we're certain we're maximizing the return opportunity for that within the context of the bucket we're in. So it would not be a trivial exercise to move down, but we're focused on making sure that we're optimizing the resources that is our most binding constraint.

Answer_2:

          It's probably worth mentioning that while we were in or looked like we might be in the highest bucket relative to our peers, there were peers that were in higher buckets and they are not constrained by G-SIB but by CCAR. So it's likely to be the case -- we continue to believe it's likely to be the case that you're going to see the differential in required capital for a variety of reasons not being as wide as might be implied by the G-SIB. And so the key question is whether we're delivering the right shareholder value on the incremental capital, which we clearly think we are and can continue to do.
And so it is a -- we are trying to thread the needle, as you say, about making sure that we are as focused as we can on maximizing the use of that scarce resource, but within the bucket that we end up being, wherever that might be, that our key priority is to deliver the highest ROE and shareholder value we can, particularly in a world where others may be more constrained by balance sheet or leverage. So it is a fine dance and it's what we're working through. We'll obviously keep you updated as we continue to progress our plans.

Answer_3:

          Yes.

Answer_4:

          Yes, 50 basis points or possibly more.

Answer_5:

          Okay, so let me start at the beginning, which is if you look at our Basel III advanced RWA on the slide, it's just a little over $1.6 trillion. When we were at Investor Day last year, we said that we expected to be able to provide reductions to that by the end of 2015 to get the number closer to $1.5 trillion on the back of model-related benefits, etc. It's still the case that that's the direction we will move in. Whether we get exactly to $1.5 trillion or slightly over will depend on the timing of some of those benefits. But that's directionally where we're going. So call it from a little over $1.6 trillion to a little over $1.5 trillion and we'll give you an update at Investor Day.
With respect to the assumptions, at the end of the day, we generate a lot of capital and if we need to comply more quickly than we intend to do, then we can clearly pull those levers. But we have always over the last couple of years had the approach of wanting to have a reasonable sense of urgency, but a measured pace to getting to where we need to be over the course of a transition period, as well as preserving the optionality to continue to increase dividends and do buybacks. That continues to be generally our philosophy and if you take -- I think I said this before. Don't read anything into this with respect to capital asks or anything else, but if you take analysts' estimates for the next two, three years, take a $1.5 trillion or even slightly higher RWA basis, you can continue to add 50 basis points of capital a year, as well as have meaningful buyback and capital distribution capacity and 50 basis points a year from a little over 10% over three or four years gets you to the other side of 11.5%.
So that's just an illustration of the capacity we have; not necessarily a commitment in terms of glide path, but that's the basis upon which we feel like we will be able to add 50 basis points this year, which is, on a fully phased in advanced basis, which is we think an appropriate glide path.


          And we haven't really started to manage [E-SIFI], which we're going to do too now.

Answer_6:

          John, she didn't say that.


          John --.


          We're going to meet our common Tier 1 with the buffer we think is appropriate and we're going to fill the rest of TLAC with the debt, subordinate debt and preferred we need to.


          I think, John, if there's something you're looking at that we've confused you, I apologize for that. For the purpose of clarity, we expect to grow into our GSIB buffer, which will be excluded from TLAC with common equity and whatever the gap may be when the rules are finalized on TLAC, somewhere between nothing and something more meaningful, that's likely to be in debt issuance.

Answer_7:

          I apologize. We'll take a look at that.

Answer_8:

          So Guy, what the reserves that we have taken in the quarter represent is our best estimate based upon facts and circumstances as we know them at the end of the quarter with respect to ongoing dialogue and investigations, but they are not concluded. So as much as we would like to, we can give you no assurances with respect to the final conclusion and that's really all we can say about where we are on the FX matter.

Answer_9:

          Just one quick thing on NIM before I talk about expenses. We don't manage to NIM. NIM can be reasonably volatile purely as a feature the amount of cash that we have on our balance sheet. What you saw this quarter in terms of NIM, which was a 5 or 6 basis point decline, whether you are looking at firm or core, is in very large part driven by incremental cash balances of close to $50 billion.


          Which (inaudible) there for days.


          Right. Some of which is there for days, some of which is accretive from an NII perspective, albeit modestly. So I think the more important measure, for us anyway, quarter-over-quarter is that our NII was flat, but flat and then just in terms of the flattening yield curve, we are more geared towards a short-end rates move and we're still expecting that to happen in the second half of the year. And so what really matters for us is Fed funds rate notwithstanding the overall yield curve.
With respect to expenses, yes, we will give you more updates at Investor Day, but I can continue to reiterate what we've said in the past, which is we would continue to expect to push our adjusted expense absolute dollars downwards over the course of the next several years and in combination with hopefully an improving economy and better interest rates move towards the 55% plus or minus, but 55% overhead ratio over the medium term. So you should expect our adjusted expenses in 2015 to be down, but we continue to have, albeit that we've reached a peak in the second half of the year, we continue to have elevated cost of controls and some of that leverage will be more in 2016 and 2017 than in 2015.

Answer_10:

          So a little bit of what's driving the efficiency ratio in the second half versus the first half is seasonality in revenues and year-on-year revenues were down slightly. So obviously it's a little bit elevated relative to a 59% to 60% ratio, but obviously the absolute dollars are on a downward trend. Hopefully what we're going to see in combination over the course of the next year or two is we will continue to look at efficiency in our control spend. As I say, we're going to be looking at that in 2015 relative to the exit 2014 rate, but you're going to see more of that leverage in 2016 and 2017. We'll continue to bring mortgage costs down, cost within the branches down, but offsetting against that hopefully we'll have stronger performance in some of our businesses and show some expense growth. So overall trending down, but revenues are part of the story and they were down slightly year-on-year.

Answer_11:

          So Mike, we'll give you the lowdown of that at Investor Day. You will see absolute reduction in dollars and we'll give you the outlook for the efficiency ratio then.

Answer_12:

          So I would say a bit of both actually. So obviously, as you articulate, we do see seasonality, but we did reach an inflection point during the year where we're starting to see a little bit more demand anyway for credit extension, but I would say our outlook for Credit Card outstandings growth for 2015 is modest, low single digit growth, not higher than that. So a little bit of both, but we are flattered by seasonality in terms of the fourth quarter.

Answer_13:

          So JPMorgan, taking it in three pieces, yes, we think it's very good for the consumer on balance and also for the economy on balance despite the strengthening dollar, so we think that the consumer spend, consumer even credit extension is likely to be positive as a result. From a trading perspective, there are pluses and minuses. The oil price volatility contributed to the softer quarter in the credit space, but was helpful as it related to the current season commodity space. So in fact, net-net neutral to maybe even slightly favorable. And then with respect to our traditional credit exposure to the sector, it's about 5% of our overall credit exposure. It's well secure, top of the capital structure where it's a name-by-name analysis that we do and we feel comfortable with where we are right now. It's a cyclical business and we're expecting downgrades, but we're not facing any meaningful issues in the face right now. But overall, oil a reasonable positive for the economy and consumers, so for JPMorgan from a financial perspective a modest issue, possibly more negative.

Answer_14:

          So first of all, I dispute the fact that some investors -- some people wrote about it as a possibility because of excess capital and it's true; you have to hold more capital, all things being equal, it will reduce your returns. But even the people who wrote about that talk about the superior franchises, the benefits of synergies, the good things the Company brings to bear. So the first way to look at a business first and foremost has been and always will be what you do for customers, not what you do for yourself and your own returns, etc. and on the customer franchise in every business we're gaining share. We have good returns, we've got good marketshares, we've got good customer sat levels. The synergies are huge, both expense and revenue synergies, etc. and some, not all, disappear under the various schematics of a breakup or something like that, but that's number one.
And the question is now you are burying extra capital, how bad is that relative to that. And for the most part, we've been able to manage that. We've talked about products repricing and managing G-SIFI and managing CCAR and managing LCR and managing SLR and we're going to maintain the franchise, manage it and we still think we can get good returns. There's a point at which the capital drag would be so high that you may want to consider alternatives, but just remember they are not simple. Like anything you do, every company will have to have cash management, global trade ability, every company general ledgers and HR things and data centers and nerve data centers and cyber security and it isn't that simple a process. But so far, the Company has earned good returns in all those businesses throughout this crisis and I'm going back 2010, 2011, 2012 and that's a sign of stability. In fact, even Mike Mayo had a report, which there is a slide in it that shows the volatility of returns and that we were among the lowest with the better returns. So that is proving it. The model works from a business standpoint and yes, we'll have to carry more capital and we'll manage that over time.


          Erika, just to add to that, we're still in a period of flux as it relates to broadly rules, not just capital rules and we're in a period of flux as it relates to the competitive environment and it would be, for us, it would be premature to take big strategic decisions that we don't think would add shareholder value in what is a very challenging influx and cyclical low for the environment. So we preserve optionality. We think we're generating significant shareholder value, significant synergies and any discount could erode regardless.


          And remember the capital stuff is not an element -- what they are doing now is not a sign of riskiness; this Company has been a fortress company, it has delivered declines and its diversification is the reason why it's had less volatility of earnings and was able to go through the crisis and never lost money ever, not one quarter. So in the real-life crisis, we did fine and in any future crisis, we're going to do fine. There are a reason you have big global multinational banks and they serve big global multinational, including governments. This Company moves $6 trillion to $10 trillion a day; you're not going to do that as a small bank and you're not going to syndicate out of a $20 billion bridge loan and you can't do certain things globally in 20 countries if you aren't in 20 countries. So you've got to figure out what model you have and does it make sense and it's not necessarily comparable to all other companies. So our model makes sense because you've seen the returns in it.

Answer_15:

          So you're right; the complexity bucket does stick out. Just for what it's worth, we're looking at each bucket and we're looking at it at a very granular level because obviously we need to look at the whole thing in combination and the complexity bucket -- Jamie said it I think earlier. If he didn't, I'll just repeat it. OTC derivative notionals drives a large chunk of it. Clearly, we're going to do everything we can in terms of netting and housekeeping and everything to reduce that. But to reduce that meaningfully is to have a meaningful impact on our client flow business. Level 3 assets is the second piece and obviously to the degree that those things are -- by definition, they are less liquid and so as a result --.


          But that does not make them bad.


          That does not make them bad. They are just less liquid and as a result, we obviously will take a look at whether or not there's opportunity to reduce that. But, again, it's also relative to market size and then, finally, our AFS portfolio, which to have that in a complexity bucket is not intuitive to all of us and over time that may reduce but right now it's a very core part of how we think about structuring the interest rate risk management of our balance sheet. So we're going to look at it, but we're going to get very, very granular and there's no silver bullet.


          I would guess that over years we can drive it down without damaging the franchise.


          Right. It's about looking at the first 10, 20 basis points, not the last 3 or 4.

Answer_16:

          You mean commercial?

Answer_17:

          So our exposures are about $46 billion, about 5% of our traditional Credit portfolio. About 70% of it is investment grade, about two-thirds of it is in the sort of CIB, so these are large, well-capitalized companies. The other third is in the Commercial Bank. Name by name, we understand what that looks like. These are asset-based loans, top of the capital structure, names we know and we're going to see downgrades and we're not suggesting that there isn't going to be some stress and we don't know where oil may bottom, but, yes, we do have reserves. We have reserves that are based upon a long history of data that includes cycles. We've seen cycles before like this and so we'll take downgrades, maybe we may need to take more reserves, but it doesn't feel like it's a very significant issue or an imminent series of charge-offs right now.


          For us. There will be companies that are more invested in oil that may have different issues and then there's a secondary effect, which obviously you all can predict like Russia, Venezuela. So Russia, we have exposure; Venezuela, virtually none and other countries. And then there's another secondary effect. As you talked about, commercial or even consumer real estate in Dallas, Denver, Houston, as you saw in 1986 and 1989 and those are all slight negatives, but not again -- for us, they are not going to be material. We're very well-diversified and for us, you have the other side. In general, consumer credit would be better not worse and you can argue and I don't want to spend too much time on it that even retail would be better. There are a whole bunch of other beneficiaries of this change of credits. So some will be worse and some will be better, so net-net for us, it's not that big a deal. It's a perfectly legitimate thing for you all to be concerned about for companies, which are very concentrated in oil or even commercial real estate companies concentrated in oil areas. That's not something that we need to worry about.


          But we're watching it closely. To Jamie's point, we're paying attention to our Real Estate Portfolios in those geographies, so there's going to be overall sector and geographical differences to how this plays out and we're paying attention to that.


          I'll give you an example of diversity helps.


          Diversity helps. Yes.

Answer_18:

          On the first point, I think there's probably some truth to the less Liquidity, but it's more about oversupply and lack of global growth stimulating demand than it is I think a liquidity story from a capital markets perspective. Sorry, Jamie, you were going to --?


          I would just add that when you look at -- I'm a little surprised that people are so surprised when commodities move like this. Commodities have moved like this my whole life and obviously there's supply and demand imbalance and Marianne mentioned that the United States supply has gone up by 5 million barrels a day over the last five or six years. People were a little surprised at the production that was positive out of Libya and Iran and Iraq and some other places. A lot of people need oil revenues, but the other thing that surprised people was the slightly increased demand. I say slightly out of China and some other places and the other one that surprised people is OPEC. Instead of OPEC making some kind of move to reduce supply, they didn't. But, to me, all commodities have had that kind of volatility and oil has had even more volatility, so in the oil business, you've got to prepare for something like that. That is the way it's going to be and that's the way it's going to be for the rest of your life and yes, speculations, inventory and all those things may affect it in the short run.
Remember there is a fulcrum point at which oil, the marginal dollars that are going to be produced and I think our economists say it's about $75 oil, deep drilling in the Gulf of Mexico and around the world and one day it will recover to that because the world still will use more oil and need more oil, etc. and in the meantime, you've got to manage around the volatility and I don't think any of that had to do with trading, none of it. It had to do with fundamental supply/demand imbalances and people getting prepared for it and taking views on -- and not us. I mean I'm talking about oil companies and you've read about countries who've hedged it and countries who didn't and companies who hedged it and companies who didn't and I think it is a legitimate concern about liquidity in markets that when we have volatile markets or violent markets how much liquidity will remain, but I think there you're talking more about -- what you saw a little bit in treasuries, but more about credit and it's possible; we just don't really know. We're a little worried about it, but we will be there hopefully making healthy margins for our clients when the time comes.

Answer_19:

          Obviously, we need to get clear on what the final rules and calculation looks like, but I don't see it being a blanket number. I think it's pretty evident that it's intended to be at least measured relative to the size -- it's the one measure that's not measured relative to a marketshare, but relative to the size of your operation. So consequently, depending upon how the math works out, it could be a differentiator for other people. But my comments were not necessarily driven by whether or not somebody else was going to be more punitive, more penalized by short-term wholesale funding, but by the fact that GSIB hasn't been and is unlikely to be the binding constraint for some of our competitors. For some of those, it's CCAR stress; for some, it's leverage under CCAR stress. And as a result, they already are running at or above the levels that may be implied and that may continue to increase.
So here we have a situation where the transition period, the glide path is a four-year period. We're at 10.1 looking to put a glide path together that measures all of our objectives over the next few years where others are at or approaching 11%. So we will see obviously how that plays out in the medium term or in the short term I should say. Certainly in the short term we have a reasonably level playing field. The competitive landscape is changing and we're working very hard to make sure we're maximizing the return on every dollar we have.


          Right, and the reason it went from 2.5 to 4 wasn't because of short-term wholesale funding; it was because they doubled -- they basically doubled the number under a new methodology. And so -- and I think when you spoke of 50 basis points of buffer, you weren't talking about a short-term wholesale funding buffer, you were talking about a buffer over the required number to handle volatility.


          Yes, so the buffer, yes, totally volatility mainly AOTI-driven. The 50 basis points is the best estimate of what the short-term wholesale contribution --.


          Added to it, yes. That is a GSIB requirement; that's not a buffer.


          But we'll see. My view is it's not a blanket though, so you could see some people differentiated in that sense.

Answer_20:

          So obviously, if you get sort of granular --.


          We've moved it to 3.1.


          Obviously if you get granular to different specific countries, we may have a different answer, but as a general matter, no. As a general matter for the US 2015 over 2014, we're calling for 2.5% and globally closer to 3%.

Answer_21:

          It's a tough question to answer. We have seen some pricing changes in trade finance a little bit in prime broker, not really in credit, but I do think you're going to see some of it in credit. So over time, that's not because of JPMorgan, that's just because the market is going to reprice some of these things that are more expensive to do and we do expect that will happen somewhat over time. And remember, the other thing which is really important is we manage this by client, so you can actually do a better job under LCR, G-SIFI, CCAR by client and not change pricing, just change mix. So we're working 100 different ways to figure out how to get good returns for shareholders while doing a good job for clients. And remember, we have more options to do that. So whenever we talk to a client, they are going to want some of our balance sheet capability and they may be willing to do other business with you to make sure they get it. Even if the pricing doesn't change, it might be good for us.

Answer_22:

          So let me address the Volcker rule in general. So we have accommodated the Volcker rule, which we have to do in private equity and investments in hedge funds and Marianne mentioned that we closed the sale of a couple billion dollars of private equity stuff and even the CLO issue is a very temporary thing. The only question to CLOs is should people be forced to sell it -- they are all going to run off in three to seven years. So the only question the bank -- and that's not a material issue to us. We're going to accommodate that.
The other thing that's important about Volcker now is the remaining one, how it affects market-making and obviously there the clients are going to be concerned. Do you have good market-making? There are all these rules around it. We're accommodating those, reporting client demand, aged inventory, different ways of reporting volatility and trading and now you have capital liquidity. So all the trading is to try to make it safer, but also so people can make markets and we hope at the end of the day that will happen. If there needs to be adjustments, it's going to be because you clients are going to say this isn't working for us.
The only other thing I'll mention about liquidity, spreads are the same in credit, but the size you can trade in is much smaller, which to me is an early indicator if something goes wrong you're going to have a gap out in spreads quicker and wider than you might have before. But at the end of the day, we hope to be able to be a good market-maker, earn a fair return for shareholders and obviously we got to -- we have to apply Volcker and all the other regulations to it.


          And I think the thing to think about when you look at the comp to revenue ratio just for the purposes of clarity is that if you look at the fourth quarter of last year, excluding DVA and FVA, it was about closer to 26%, so closer to in line year-over-year. And that's evident when you look at the full-year ratio last year of 31% to 30%. So we're at the low end of our range at 30% but within the range relative to the performance and there was a big negative impact in the CIB on a revenue basis last year with FVA/DVA.


          And I should say that we've always allocated capital to the investment bank and we've had SVA-adjusted returns and stuff like that. So as you allocate more capital, all things being equal, that number comes down a little bit. So we've been disciplined in trying to do that properly.

Answer_23:

          I think if you look at the 2015 dynamic, there's going to be three principal things. 2014 was a year of larger deals. 2015 has still got a good pipeline, so we're expecting to have a reasonably strong at least start to the year and probably a strong year and it's very driven in the fourth quarter and likely to continue to be so by sort of M&A-related financings. So the downside we talked about is just less maturities to be refinanced, but nevertheless some, but we're going to continue to have support from the M&A space, which looks set to be fairly strong in 2015. So you've got some puts and takes, but what we think is going to be a solid to good year in 2015, maybe not a record, but certainly a good year.


          And so JPMorgan maintained a number one share in global investment grade, number one share in global high yield, number one share in loan syndication, which we hope to maintain next year too and those are very powerful positions to have.

Answer_24:

          So just, first of all, I think to put it into context, I think that the RWA growth was $12 billion, so nevertheless a growth, but not a huge number. A chunk of it was regular weight CDA, which, yes, in part has got to do with just normal market dynamics right now as spreads wider and volatility higher, but a chunk of it is unrelated to that. As we look forward to the end of next year at 1.5, and which just to be clear I think I said 1.5 or maybe slightly higher, but nevertheless in the law of big numbers, the same trajectory. It's more at risk from just the timing of our ability to execute on granular segmented models, model approvals internally and with regulators than necessarily any sort of market dynamic, notwithstanding that that will factor in. So I would say the bigger risks to achieving that are less than the market pricing impacts on CDA, but more the ability for us to get the right timing of those model benefits.


          And I think like two-thirds are models and one-third is runoff of stuff we know is going to happen. And the other thing, as Marianne mentioned, the advanced where we're 10.1%, the standardized were 10.5% and yes, the advanced will change -- if spreads gap out, advanced will go up, but standardized won't. And eventually we think standardized is going to become the binding constraint, not advanced.

Answer_25:

          So obviously, we talked about the card portfolio exits driving some revenue decline, also some elevated credit charge-offs. We've been experiencing, and I think we've guided to the low end of our 12.5% revenue rate range. We guided to that last quarter or the quarter before and at 12.2%, we're in that range and what we're experiencing is spread compression is largely offsetting the strong interchange and other fee growth from the volume, but when you acquire new customers and you pay the premium to acquire new customers that gets amortized through your results in the first year. So in years when you're net acquiring new customers, you will have a small net drag on your fees and on your revenue rate resulting from amortizing those premiums for the benefit of those strong relationships and the increased outstandings and spend sales volume you get in future years. So we've been on a journey for the last two years and we continue to be on it where there is some impact associated from the fact that we are net acquiring new customers, each of which we believe returns hurdle for us or more than hurdle for us, so is accretive over a period.

Answer_26:

          I wouldn't spend too much time trying to build this into your models if I were you, but it is quite clear that when you add $800 a year to the consumer's cash flow statement that consumers on average spend most of that and I think you're seeing it in spend and you're seeing it in car sales and you're seeing it in retail spend, you're seeing it -- and it's also quite clear it helps consumers, it helps their credit broadly. We're not going out and saying that we're going to reduce credit costs and auto, card and a bunch of stuff by 10 or 15 basis points, but I'm just saying you know it's going to be there. Just like you know it was there on the flipside where people spent a lot of time talking about how much gas prices are hurting consumers and why sales are down at Walmart and Family Dollar Store, etc. This is just the flipside of that.


          And if you just looked at the consumer spending statistics, if you look at fourth-quarter annualized up 4.7% is the best consumer spend data since 2003. So it's already taking effect in consumer spend and disposable income is -- as you say, we're already expecting new car sales to grow next year, but all of this is going to support the continued strong trends we've seen in consumer.

Answer_27:

          So you're right; we're close to lapping the acquisition cost dynamic not this quarter, but in the near future, but what you are going to continue to see is that we have a portfolio that is in runoff and as those loans run off, they were loans that were higher APR, higher rate loans than the ones that we're originating right now and as a result, you're going to continue to see some spread compression in 2015 again to which you're going to see strong interchange. So I would say, yes, ultimately and in the fullness of time, you're going to start to see the interchange growth outpace the spread compression, but for a period of time, they are going to be somewhat of a wash.

Answer_28:

          Yes.

Answer_29:

          So overall, the way to think about it is it's not ultimately going to be necessarily zero, but when you think about it in the context of the capital and the relative returns, it was not accretive to our returns, and so we have the differential between 500 and 300. For the full year, it's still not zero. There is a slight lag. Clearly there's a slight lag taking out the expenses, but there's still an overall small net income impact, but for overall mutual to positive benefit on the return.


          And regardless of that, remember that our rationale for business simplification included a bunch of different reasons. It included activities that weren't core to our core clients' activities that were outsized in terms of operational or other risks, as well as those that weren't returning hurdles. So there are other reasons to simplify your business and they will have other ancillary benefits.

Answer_30:

          So no specific one-time items in the equity derivative performance. The uptick in VAR has to do generally speaking with higher levels of volatility than it does with anything in terms of risk direction.


          Equity derivatives are largely Japan and Europe and Asia.


          Yes.


          The increase.


          Largely Asia, yes.

Answer_31:

          It's an example where volatility did actually help.


          If you look at equities in total, particularly in the prime space, there was a small one-time item, but not in the derivatives space.

Answer_32:

          It's not a significant increase in VAR, but, yes, you see increase in CPG VAR on spread widening and volatility, increase in equities. Just year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, we've seen an increase in volatility.

Answer_33:

          This quarter more than any quarter it's really honestly to early to make any comments of any note regarding trading performance, particularly given that the holiday fell midweek. So the reality of the situation is thematically nothing has changed from the end of the fourth quarter, but there's no big new news in the first few days of trading.

Answer_34:

          It was year-end cleanup; it had nothing to do with business simplification.


          And I think if you look at our revenues excluding FVA/DVA year-over-year, they are down reasonably in line with comp.

Answer_35:

          I think they are two different issues. One is the correspondent business properly done is fine and obviously we do look at their credit underwriting because we've had a backup over the last 5 or 10 years. Correspondents are no longer in business and if they did a bad job, we had to pay for that. So you want to be very careful and do business with the proper kind of people. We have reduced our share of FHA loans just because the ongoing -- two reasons. One is the ongoing liability in the production side where the insurance was worthless over time and the second is just the cost of servicing FHA loans when they go into default and they have a much higher chance of going into default than not. So those are two reasons to do less. And maybe that will change over time, but we're still in the same place in that.


          And just on the share gains, they are in jumbo and conventional conforming loans, not in the government space. So yes, we are competing aggressively on price, but with the right capital allocation and with the right hurdle and these are loans that are very high quality that we are willing to put on our balance sheet done with correspondents that we have confidence in the financial status of.

Answer_36:

          So the GSE -- you could always get loans up to 97% in the government space, you could get it in the agency space with mortgage insurance. We've seen some movement from the FHA on [GCs] and mortgage insurance premiums, all of which I think is intended to try and help credit availability, which we would generally support. It doesn't change our strategy, however, which is that we are much more focused on originating in the very high quality jumbo and conventional conforming space. But, yes, properly underwritten we will do agency loans in the programs that they have available.

Answer_37:

          Yes, I mean, look, we have, over the last, I think, two years and a quarter, two plus years or so, we've seen an inflow of cash of between $300 billion and $400 billion on our balance sheet. So our balance sheet size has grown slightly over the course of the last several quarters in the last year, but the vast majority of the growth is driven by incremental cash and there's two principal reasons for that. One is as we have been looking to become compliant with our own and with US rules on liquidity, which we are compliant with at this point and have been for a while, that the other is also that we've been receiving increased nonoperational cash predominantly from wholesale clients. And so to the degree that that cash is accretive from an NII perspective and that we aren't balance sheet or leverage constrained and it's a key part of the relationship with that client, that may not be a bad thing. But to the degree that it's not a key part of the relationship, we're going to be disciplined about trying to manage that balance. So I would say underlying that, we would expect our balance sheet to not be growing certainly not significantly, but cash can be the volatile factor.

Answer_38:

          Yes, we saw loan growth year-over-year 8% core, 3% reported. We feel pretty good about the demand for loans across our businesses, particularly those that have been performing strongly now consistently like business banking, like prime mortgage on the portfolio, commercial real estate, even auto and we continue to be optimistic about C&I and even Card. So yes, we would expect to see robust loan growth into next year hopefully on the back of a continued improvement in the economy.

Answer_39:

          I'll give you a (inaudible) one for you. On the back of robust loan demand and rising rates in the second half of the year, which is our current central case, then we would expect NII to be up in the second half of the year, flattish in the first half of the year. Obviously if those two things don't play out then that wouldn't be the case. I'll let you draw your own conclusions on the rest of it.


          You're using the implied yield curve effectively, so if that changes then obviously that will affect the second half of the year.

Answer_40:

          Look, unscrambling it would be extraordinarily complex and it would be extraordinarily complex in debt, in systems, in technology, in people and where certain things go and the businesses would start competing with each other right away, which I think is perfectly reasonable if they were all separate standalone. So look, we're very conscious of the narrative, which has become out there about this, but it is far more complex than that. The right way to look at it is we have these great franchises, we have a lot of time to manage through this and that is our objective, not unscrambling the egg. We're going to manage through it and we can manage almost every single part of it over -- think of over a long period, like five or seven years. Don't think of over six months or a year. There's nothing we couldn't set a limit, drive down, sell, manage and that would probably be far easier than the alternative. Even if it led to lower growth, it wouldn't necessarily lead to lower returns. So just keep in mind that obviously we're going to do the right thing at the end of the day for the shareholder. It might be lower growth and better returns and managing through that and not doing certain things at all.
Marianne mentioned for example the amount of deposits we take in. Well, it might be that we limit and restrict the amount of deposits we take in at quarter-end. We do it to accommodate clients, but all those nonoperational deposits go directly into the Federal Reserve. So that's what Marianne said. We do it and maybe make some spread. If you can get 25 basis points there and you maybe are paying the client something. There are some clients which aren't charged to take their quarter-end. They don't do enough business with us and we don't want their quarter-end balances. So we have a lot of levers, we have a lot of time and we are going to do it very intelligently over time. We're not going to damage this franchise just because of a current narrative.
And the other thing I want to point out about the current narrative, which kind of surprises me that people don't mention, when you all talk about P/Es and sum of the parts, P/Es are temporary, P/Es change over time and the real question you should be asking is is the E going to be much higher or much lower under scenario A or B, not just what is the P/E going to be because I could give you a lot of scenarios where your E is going to be a hell of a lot lower and that dwarfs the effect of the P/E change and the P/Es themselves are temporary. JPMorgan is already earning its cost of capital and you're comparing it to P/Es to a lot of guys who aren't earning their cost of capital. Meaning people expect them to have dramatic growth in earnings, which they will and so it's -- you've really got to have a much more forward-looking view of what P/Es will be, what values will be, what earnings will be, what the franchise will be then just the sum of the parts breakup based on current P/Es and false comparisons.
Some of the people out there that people compare it to they are not real comparisons. We are not in the same business with those people, but we are very shareholder-conscious. That's not to say we're not going to do the right thing for shareholders over time. We will; there are other ways to do it.


          And the other thing which I think is important too is that we compete globally. Remember we have to be very conscious of who we're competing with and what they're going to do over time. And my guess is you're going to have some very large, very tough global competition over the next 20 years. They are not going away. They may have currently lower G-SIFI charges, but I'm not sure that's going to be true 10 years from now. Particularly the Chinese banks get bigger and bigger and some other global competitors decide they want to be in the global businesses.

Answer_41:

          No, I would refer you to -- if you look at the 10-Q disclosure from last quarter, that will give you a sense for the things that are outstanding. We will obviously update and refresh it in the K, but we're not going to discuss specifically all of the remaining cases.


          David, I think again I think the way people -- I know -- we know we cause problems with you all because we have this lumpy quarter-by-quarter type stuff. I wouldn't look at this as a quarter-by-quarter issue. If you owned 100% of this Company, the better way to look at it is it's going to cost us several billion dollars more somehow plus or minus another couple billion before we get to what I call a more normalized legalized basis. We disclose all that stuff in the 10-K. I think the RPL, if you ask me, is actually a fairly decent way to look at what those might be and we give you an RPL number, which is something that has not gone to the P&L, which is possible and we can't make something which is lumpy not lumpy and we can't make something which we wish we can bucket -- if we could, we would put all the reserves now and say we're done. We can't.


          It's a number and the important part as a shareholder is I want to deal with that, acknowledge our mistakes, try to have a fortress controlled balance sheet, try to stop stepping in dog (expletive), which we do every now and then, but build a customer franchise is the important part. When you have a market cap of $230 billion, I want to make that worth $500 billion 10 years from now. There's several billion dollars that we're going to have to pay for legal, so we want to fix it and it's unfortunate we do this to you all, but it's unavoidable right now.

Answer_42:

          So I can talk for JPMorgan very specifically that we are seeing the charge-off rate -- remember, we have had charge-off rates for the auto business that have been relatively low for an extended period. Now we're seeing them revert back to something more normal and when we think about pricing the business and through the cycle, we contemplate a more normal level of charge-offs. So this isn't as surprising to us.
Having said that, what we're also seeing in terms of just the broad competitive space is it's not irrationality necessarily, but longer duration, higher LTVs, more subprime originations. JPMorgan -- we are lower LTV than the industry and very concentrated on the near and super prime space. So there's part of that that we're just not participating in, but even for our own portfolio you're going to see some of those charge-off rates trend up to something a bit more normal, but that's how we think about the business through the cycle.

Answer_43:

          I hate to say I'm confident about anything, but that's not our expectation.


          It's a very good question because of what we all went through in the mortgage game where subprime was an early indicator for even prime. But when we look at credit card, we don't think it's an early indicator of credit card. We're going to be very conscious -- as Marianne said, auto did unbelievably well through the crisis, shockingly well we'd all say. So this is maybe a return to norm, but we're going to pay paying a lot of attention to it.


          And the loans that we're originating now, the very far, the right side of 700 FICO loans with LTVs lower than the industry lower than 100%.

Answer_44:

          I think, Nancy, views and facts are completely different, okay? This Company was a port in the storm in the real crisis in 2008 and 2009 and that was after we bought Bear Stearns and (inaudible). We had no issues whatsoever. We have a lot more capital now, we're more conservative now. We've got less credit exposure as a percent of the balance sheet. We've got less risk as a percent of the balance sheet. We've got more long-term debt, we've got more liquid assets. We've got more -- so it's even more true today. The fact is the Company is an extremely powerful thing.
People, when they talk about risk, they are just talking about -- a lot of people, they look at size and it scares them. I completely understand that. But that isn't the determinant and I don't think we should be making shareholder decisions based upon views of people who don't necessarily really know. So if the regulators at the end of the day want JPMorgan to be split up then that's what will have to happen. We can't fight the federal government if that's their intent or maybe their intent is what it is. If you are going to carry more capital and you've got to modify your business model over time to carry capital, that one we think we can earn a superior return still versus other banks and carry the higher capital and modify our business model over time without taking drastic action.
And remember, again, you've got to look forward in this. America has been the leader in global capital markets for the last 50 or 100 years. It's part of the reason the country is so strong. I look at it as a matter of public policy. I wouldn't want to see the next JPMorgan Chase be a Chinese company because someone has to be serving the global multinationals around the world and all the things that that means about knowledge and experience and research and capabilities. So I think that if you look ahead 10 years, you're going to have large global companies who compete and we may have to be slightly smaller than we might otherwise have been, but so be it. If we can do that and do a good return for shareholders, we should do that.

Answer_45:

          So I will tell you that to answer the question maybe just slightly differently but with the same basic point that we saw an increase in cash of about $45 billion or a little bit more that $45 billion in the quarter and that drove the vast majority of the 5 to 6 basis points decline in NIM.

Answer_46:

          So what dictates what we have on deposits at the central bank -- for any deposit that we have that is excess operating or nonoperating that we don't think has any significant or any liquidity value to the Company, on the whole, those are all on deposit with central bank earning a very small amount of interest income. And there is some passed onto the client net-net, so something slightly accretive. So that's what's driving the amount of cash, so to the degree that we have more nonoperating cash that will drive that. We are compliant with LCR under the US rules with an appropriate but modest buffer right now and that's based upon what we think is a fairly forward-leaning point of view about what true operating deposits really are.
So as we think about what the cash is in customers' accounts that they really require to operate their businesses and no more. So we think we've got a forward-leaning point of view on that. So I think the rules are for the US final. I think our ratio for US LCR right now will be favorable for a period of time and then if there are any changes, either to the US rules, which we don't have any line of sight on or if we are required to make changes or decide to make changes to our own internal liquidity framework, that could cause us to add to liquidity, but that's something that we'll inform you of as we go through time.


          If you look at our balance sheet, forget all this rule stuff, we have almost $500 billion in central banks around the world. We have $300 billion plus of AA+ securities of very short duration. We have like $300 billion of repo and stock borrow, which is all secured in commodities by top credits with proper haircuts and stuff like that and with our capital base of equity capital of $200 billion, preferred stock of $30 billion, TLAC of debt of $150 billion plus, our loans are $700 billion, which has always been the riskiest part of our balance sheet. And receivable is like $70 billion and so this balance sheet of this Company is unbelievable.

Answer_47:

          So for financial institutions and nonbanks -- for banks and nonbank financial institutions, yes, we passed on the overnight rate to our customers and it's basically on their operating cash flows. It is what it is. All we're doing is passing through the cost. It's operating cash for their business so there was --.


          In euros.


          Yes, in euros, so there was no significant reaction at all. It's a market (multiple speakers).


          It's very hard -- I mean you're not going to be taking deposits at a loss that are just very temporary to help our clients, so I think everyone understands that.

