Question_1:

    A couple of questions on improving RWA's. You mentioned that credit helped drive the RWA's down a little bit. Could you give a little bit more color on how much of the HPI improvement has already come through the RWA? Is there any more to come from what is happened so far in your 2Q -- in your 3Q and 4Q outlook?

Question_2:

    Okay, thanks. And then a follow-up on your comment regarding the outlook for NII, where you indicated that NII excluding market-related items could build from the $10.4 billion at 2Q 2013. Could you describe how you are thinking about that? I've had a lot of conversations over the last quarter of about what you put in your Q, which is 100 basis point  rates, a meaningful increase in EPS that has got to come more from reinvesting the cash flow of the securities portfolio. So could you give us a sense of how you drive higher NII?

Question_3:

    And would you be looking to shift some of the liquidity pool into securities? Obviously it would be longer duration in a liquidity pool.

Question_4:

    Okay, great. And then just lastly on the GWIM gross -- pretax margin, pretty strong number this quarter. And I know last quarter you called out some one timers. Were there any one timers in that this quarter?

Question_5:

    So what is the targeted pretax margin there?

Question_6:

    Okay. Over time includes a higher interest rate environment?

Question_7:

    Absolutely. All right, thanks a lot.

Question_8:

    Just within fixed income trading businesses, I mean obviously June proved to be a tough month I think for a lot of folks. And it seemed like the trends were maybe a little bit weaker than we are seeing elsewhere when we factor in some of the charges that you had in the first quarter.

Question_9:

    Okay, that is very helpful color. So just as we think about FICC going forward, maybe a little bit of a lower run rate as you are running down the -- or ran down the structured trading, but also hopefully less volatility given that?

Question_10:

    Okay. And then separately -- I'm sorry.

Question_11:

    Okay. That is helpful color. I mean we do see good core trends in the iBanking fees and of course the equities business, as you mentioned. And then just separately, if we look at loan was provision expense going forward; you give us some components of charge-offs and then, just kind of big picture, some more reserve release. But any thoughts on just the specific level of provision expense going forward? I think you had been targeting $1.8 billion to $2.2 billion, which obviously you broke through that now for a couple quarters.

Question_12:

    Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.

Question_13:

    Bruce, I was wondering if you had any sense of where we might think of legal expense going forward. It came down a lot this quarter; you got some things behind you. How should we think of that number going forward?

Question_14:

    Okay. And putting expenses altogether, the $16 billion is probably a pretty good jumping off point for us to think going forward starting in the third quarter?

Question_15:

    Okay. And then on the quarterly LAS trend you mentioned getting below $2 billion by the end of this year. Any thoughts on what your destination for that might be by the end of 2014? Ultimately you want to get that number down to $500 million, right?

Question_16:

    Okay. Just separately, you mentioned the DTA. I assume the DTA consumption is still helping drive up your capital ratios. Could you remind us how much DTA you have right now and how much is disallowed?

Question_17:

    Okay. But normally you would probably be building at close to the pretax rate you said before?

Question_18:

    Okay. Last thing for me. On the NII, can you just review that again? The benefit you have talked about, that is a benefit from the 10 year moving up. And did you say that you received $300 million of that benefit that is already in the $10.4 billion that we see this quarter?

Question_19:

    Okay. So the benefit -- the $700 million, that is to come over the next 12 months?

Question_20:

    Okay. But you are thinking of that as helping the core number grow, right, not the --?

Question_21:

    Okay, right, that $300 million wasn't core, but the next one to come is. Okay, got it.

Question_22:

    Okay, thank you. Bruce, so do you have -- and you have additional benefits beyond that if short rates rise, was that the point you were making earlier?

Question_23:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_24:

    A quick question I just want to confirm. I believe you guys said in the past that there is -- when we look at the revenue decline from the sales and the MSR and the LAS business versus the corresponding reduction in expenses we should kind of count on a lag on that front, is that right?

Question_25:

    Okay, great. Thanks for confirming that. And in your experience generally how sensitive -- what is the MSR market -- the MSR purchase market like at this point? Are you guys still out there shopping MSRs and how sensitive are those buyers to home prices?

Question_26:

    Okay, that's clear. Thank you. And then on your AFS portfolio, I think you guys have indicated in the past it was a roughly two year duration. Given your allocation to RMBS in that portfolio, did we see an extension of that duration? Can you kind of help us -- give an idea about what the impact might have been during the quarter?

Question_27:

    Terrific. Thanks for that. And then last one from me -- the results in GWIM have definitely been impressive. Can you guys speak to any change we've seen in high net worth risk appetite or behavior over the last roughly year or so and how sustainable you view that?

Question_28:

    Cool. That's helpful, thanks.

Question_29:

    Switching to the mortgage banking side, you've got 5% market share which you have really built back -- you built back your market share over the last year, year and a half. But most of them are refi's. With the refi -- with rates going up where do you think that market share goes to or do you think you've done a pretty good job building up your purchase -- your purchase salesforce to maintain that?

Question_30:

    And then can you add some color -- I mean we have been first -- rates have really moved up, gain on sale margins you know are coming down. But can you give some color where you are seeing gain on sale margin so far into the quarter or is it too early to tell?

Question_31:

    Yes.

Question_32:

    And did you disclose what your HARP percentage is? If you did I missed it.

Question_33:

    Okay. Hey, guys, thank you very much.

Question_34:

    Thanks for the disclosure on the supplemental leverage ratio. I was wondering if you had any assessment of what the impact might be of the BIS proposal for add-ons on disallowed repo and CDS protection sold and disallowed derivatives collateral.

Question_35:

    Okay, that's fair. I know that is early days. How will you -- and stipulating to the fact that clearly based on what you have told us and some stuff that we have done you are pretty much where you would need to be on the supplemental leverage ratio per the US take. How would you think about managing your off balance sheet lending commitments to the extent that they do drive the denominator there?

Question_36:

    Yes, fair enough. And to the numbers you gave, you obviously don't have a lot of pressure to do anything there. But you are right, it would seem like pricing of those facilities probably has to get rationalized. On the shares, you did an initiate the share repurchase, you talked about that. But there was still a fairly meaningful amount of share creep in the quarter. Was that just employee grants? Although I would've expected to see those more in the first quarter. And should we expect that we are at this point kind of at a high for the year in terms of the share count; should it head back down to where it was say in the first quarter?

Question_37:

    Fair enough. Okay, I just have one more question -- thanks for the clarity on that. When do you expect at this point to have completed the rationalization of the branch system?

Question_38:

    But it almost sounds like, based on the success that you've had that you outlined, that might encourage you to take it a little bit further or would that be reading too much into it?

Question_39:

    Great. Thanks so much for that.

Question_40:

    I am looking at the supplement on page 23 where you go through the consumer real estate services. And looking down the column that says home lending and year to date you have nearly $2 billion of revenues and only $94 million drops to the bottom line. And I am wondering is that lack of profitability some vagary of segment accounting or is it that the business is just -- or is the business just kind of so marginally profitable? And if so then why be in it?

Question_41:

    Wait, so I'm sorry, the servicing revenues are in the LAS?

Question_42:

    And this is just origination?

Question_43:

    Okay. And is that kind of historically the norm that origination is sort of a loss leader almost?

Question_44:

    Okay. And then overall in terms of liquidity, I mean it looked like your non-loan earning assets were down by almost $40 billion this quarter. How much further do you suppose you can run those down as you reduce your debt footprint?

Question_45:

    Okay, great, thank you.

Question_46:

    Could you talk a little bit about whether you either have -- it doesn't look like it, but whether you have or are planning to kind of retain mortgage loans in the second half of the year? And I have got a follow-up question, too.

Question_47:

    Well, I mean, when you think about -- you said in terms of the investment portfolio you would kind of be cognizant of the AOCI impact. You could achieve a similar objective without that by retaining residential mortgages.

Question_48:

    Got it. And maybe -- given that you have been kind of ahead of or meeting at least or regulatory capital levels kind of faster than some of your large peers. What are the areas that you think could benefit from incremental kind of capital investment or where they might be divesting? Are there any opportunities there?

Question_49:

    And so, maybe just to follow up on that, Brian, I mean do you have a number in mind as to how much you would look to kind of reinvest of the expense savings that you are generating?

Question_50:

    Great, thanks.

Question_51:

    Two questions for you. You have made gains in market share and mortgage and you said that you have stabilized the credit card. Are you going to be able to gain share in credit card and how do you look to do that?

Question_52:

    So though do you feel that -- I mean is it a business where you want to gain share? Or if you could just sort of give your overall philosophy on the credit card business right now.

Question_53:

    The second question I have is somewhat imprecise and I apologize in advance. But I think what everybody is waiting for with your stock and with the earnings outlook is for this massive deposit gathering network to get profitable. And we understand that that is a function of short rates going up. Is there an ideal -- can you kind of walk us through this? Is there an ideal yield curve? Is there an absolute level of short rates? I mean whatever -- what do we have to see to begin to see the branches get massively profitable?

Question_54:

    If I could just finally ask a corollary to that question. Because of all the issues that you have had in the past few years with closing branches, changing the branch model, several different sort of programs to change the retail footprint of the Company, is there going to be a need as rates go up to give more of that benefit to your customers? In other words, are you going to have to act differently in deposit pricing this time around than you have in previous rate cycles?

Question_55:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_56:

    I have three real small questions and then one bigger question. What tax rate should we assume to be normal?

Question_57:

    All right. And then secondly, the GWIM margin of 28%, I'm just trying to compare that to the old Merrill Lynch Wealth Management margin and you have the Asset Management and US Trust in there. Can you just give us some estimate where that 28% margin would be? Would it be 26% or 25% or --?

Question_58:

    Excluding US Trust and excluding asset management. In other words, just the pure brokerage business, what kind of margin did that have? I'm just -- I'm trying to see if this is the highest brokerage margin ever perhaps if you can go back to the old Merrill Lynch?

Question_59:

    Okay, thank you. And then, as far as net interest income, you said you had a $300 million benefit this quarter from the increase in the 10 year. So am I just drink the math right? You had $10.5 billion of net interest income, so it added 3% just this last quarter or really in the last month? It just seems like a lot. I mean that is a nice benefit.

Question_60:

    Okay. And then lastly, the legal expense came we down, you expect to stay around $500 million. But I'm still focused on the $8.5 billion settlement. And I go down to the courthouse in lower Manhattan and what I think I hear, and again correct my thinking, what I think I hear some lawyers say that Bank of New York rubberstamped the $8.5 billion agreement therefore throw the $8.5 billion deal out. What I think I hear the Kathy Patrick side say is accept the $8.5 billion deal is the best economic alternative out there.
So my question is, you have $8.5 billion of reserves, the $8.5 billion settlement, your disclosures say if the judge does not approve the deal your reserves would go higher. So my question is, how much higher would your reserves go if the judge does not approve the deal and what part of my logic would you like to perhaps correct?

Question_61:

    Sure. I think last quarter you thought it would all be wrapped up by now. Any sense of when this might be wrapped up, when you might have this behind you?

Question_62:

    All right, thank you.

