
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's first-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and Dave Wehner, CFO. Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. 
Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release and on our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investor.fb.com. 
And now I'd like to and the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, Deborah, and thanks, everyone for joining us today. This was a good quarter and a good start to the year. We continued to grow the size and engagement of our community, now with 1.44 billion people using Facebook each month, and 936 million people daily. 
We continue to see strong growth in daily engagement around the world, including in our most engaged markets. On mobile, nearly 1.25 billion people now use Facebook every month, 240 million more than a year ago, and we now we see more than 1 billion mobile searches every day. 
Looking at our business, we continue to achieve impressive growth. Total revenue grew by 42% year-over-year, and advertising revenue grew by 46%. Mobile now accounts for 73% of our ads revenue. These results show that we're making progress on our mission to connect the world and we're executing well against our priorities, but this quarter also shows how Facebook is continuing to make progress for the years ahead. 
Facebook has evolved from a single blue app on your phone into a family of apps. Now many of these apps are reaching a global scale. More than 1.4 billion people use the core Facebook service, 800 million also use WhatsApp, 700 million use our groups product, 600 million use Messenger, and on Instagram, there are more than 300 million active members of the community. 
We're building this family of apps because we want people to be able to share whatever moments they want with all the different sets of people they care about. Over time, we expect people to share richer content with an increasing frequency, so we want to continue developing new and better tools to facilitate this expression. With that in mind, let's talk about our efforts over the quarter. 
First, we are working to help people share and connect with all the things they care about today. An important part of our approach is helping our community connect around important public moments and personalities. Facebook is the largest community of sports fans in the world, with 650 million people connecting to sports pages. 
For this year's Super Bowl, more than 65 million people generated more than 265 million interactions on Facebook, the highest level of conversation we've seen for a Super Bowl to date. For the Cricket World Cup, there were more than 700 million interactions by 53 million people, which shows the strength of the global reach of our community. 
We are also making good progress with video. We're very pleased with our growth share, and this quarter we reached a new milestone of more than 4 billion daily video views. We also launched an embedded video player that allows people to watch Facebook videos across the web, and more than 80,000 videos have now been embedded on third-party websites. 
Spherical videos are going to be supported in Newsfeed later this year, allowing you to change your viewing angle for a more immersive experience. Supporting new types of content like this is an important part of preparing for the future of how people want to share. 
Another part of our strategy is helping people connect with businesses. This quarter, we announced that there were now 2 million advertisers on Facebook. This is an important milestone for our community and we're encouraged that so many businesses are finding value on Facebook. We continue to focus on innovation in our ads business and Sheryl is going to talk a bit more about that in a moment. 
Now, here's how we're working to develop our family of apps so we can give more people more options for sharing in different ways. In the future, we expect that people are going to want to share content with their closest friends at an even greater frequency than they do today, so messaging is a big priority for us. 
Across the Facebook family of apps, our efforts have a lot of momentum. On average, more than 45 billion messages are sent every day. With voice calling, we're also starting to make some good progress. This quarter, we started rolling out voice over IP calls on WhatsApp to let people call friends for free around the world; meanwhile, Messenger already accounts for more than 10% of mobile VoIP calls globally. With WhatsApp, we continue to be pleased with our growth and the team remains very focused on building new features to serve their community and expand. 
For Messenger, this has been a particularly busy quarter. We launched the Messenger platform, which allows people to use creative new apps to have richer conversations. We also began rolling out payments on Messenger to give people an easy, secure way to send money to their friends. 
And we announced a new way for people to communicate with businesses using Messenger. We're really excited by the potential to build Messenger into a service that helps people to express themselves in rich new ways and to access useful services. 
With Instagram, our growth remains impressive and this quarter we reached a new milestone of more than 200 million daily actives. Growth in Asia, Europe, and Latin America is particularly strong, with our community growing in some countries by more than 100% year-over-year, including Japan, South Korea, and Indonesia. Combined with an average 21 minutes a day that people spend on Instagram, this is a good sign of this community's continuing and growing strengths. 
Now let's talk about how we're working with developers. Last month, we held F8, our annual event for the global developer community. Creating the future of sharing isn't something that we can do on our own, but by supporting developers, we can deliver more apps and experiences for our community. 
At F8, we presented new tools to help developers build, grow, and monetize their apps, including better sharing experiences from apps to Facebook and new analytics to help developers better understand how people are using their services. More than 30 million apps and sites have been built using Facebook developer tools, and last year we drove more than 3.5 billion app installs. We think these improvements are going to create a lot of value for our community. 
All right. Finally, let's talk about some of our most long-term innovation efforts. Internet.org, our effort to connect everyone in the world to the Internet continues to gather momentum. We've now made free basic Internet services available to more than 800 million people in nine countries, including, just in this quarter, launching in India, Colombia, Ghana, Guatemala, and the Philippines. More than 7 million people who weren't connected to the Internet before now use Internet.org to get online, and this year we expect to connect even more people. 
With our efforts in search, AI, and Oculus, we're also continuing to build a new generation of Internet services that are more useful, intuitive, and immersive and over the coming months we'll have more to share about these. So that's how we're thinking about innovation and the future of sharing. 
It's been a busy quarter. In the last few months, I've visited countries in Asia, Europe, and Latin America. In many communities, I've gotten the chance to see how the Internet is changing lives and creating opportunities for people. I've heard from people who can't wait to get access to the same tools that so many of us take for granted. 
We are making progress on our mission and working to accelerate towards the day when everyone in the world can be connected. Thanks to our entire community and all of our employees, partners, and shareholders for being a part of this journey and for helping to build something great. Now here's Sheryl. 

Thanks, Mark, and hi, everyone. Q1 was a strong quarter and a great start to the year. Ad revenue was $3.3 billion, up 46%, or 55% on a constant currency basis. Mobile ad revenue grew 82% and is now 73% of total ad revenue. Our performance was strong across all marketer segments and we are pleased with the broad-based growth across our industry verticals. 
From a regional perspective, we saw strong growth in North America and Asia-Pacific, while Latin America and Europe were affected by foreign exchange headwinds and macroeconomic factors. That said, we are pleased with advertiser adoption of our ad products across all regions. 
Innovation drives our ads business. It's how we continually improve the quality of our ads, offer new tools to marketers, and build better experiences for the people use Facebook. We believe that this ability to innovate will continue to drive our Business, so today I want to focus on innovation across our three strategic priorities: capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers using our ad products, and making our ads more relevant. 
First, capitalizing on the shift to mobile, mobile continues to be a great opportunity for us. People continue to be highly engaged with our mobile apps. In the United States for example, Facebook and Instagram get more than one out of every five minutes spent on mobile. As consumers shift to mobile, businesses are following and we're focusing on helping them take advantage of this opportunity to use mobile to build their businesses. 
Two new products we introduced this quarter are good examples of this. The mobile Ads Manager app gives marketers the ability to manage their ad campaigns from their mobile devices. It's early, but we are already seeing more marketers managing their activity on mobile. We also launched a page creation tool for feature phones, which has been a big driver of page adoption in high-growth emerging markets, where smartphones are less common. 
Looking ahead, we believe video will play a significant role in bringing more marketers to mobile. More than 75% of global video views on Facebook occur on mobile, and we believe mobile video will become more important to marketers over time. 
Lionsgate Age of Adaline premiere is a great example. To promote the film, Lionsgate targeted young women on Instagram with multiple video ads over the last few weeks. This week, since the film opens on Friday, they are retargeting the audience from the Instagram campaign on Facebook. We expect more marketers to put mobile video at the heart of their campaigns in the future and we are well-positioned to drive this shift. 
Our second priority is growing the number of marketers using our ad products and we're making great progress. In Q2 of last year, we shared that we reached 30 million active business pages on Facebook. This number continues to grow as more and more small businesses are using our free Pages product and we remain focused on converting these page owners into advertisers. 
One way we're doing this is by providing simple, easy-to-use products. Over 80% of our new advertisers start with entry-level tools like a promoted post or a page like. We are increasingly focused on making sure these tools work well on mobile. We are also educating marketers on how to use Facebook more effectively. 
We recently launched to online training resources, Blueprint for large clients and agencies, and Learn How videos for small businesses. These efforts are paying off. In Q1, we announced that we now have over 2 million active advertisers. 
Our third priority is making our ads more relevant. More relevant ads lead to better returns for marketers and better experiences for people. We are pleased with the increased adoption of our targeting tools like custom audiences and conversion tracking. 
In Q1 we introduced dynamic product ads, which allow marketers to launch ads for different audiences. We also introduced carousel ads on Facebook and Instagram, which allow marketers to advertise for specific products. Adoption of our targeting tools and these new ad formats help make our ads more relevant. 
We are also focused on insights and measurement. We want to help marketers accurately measure the performance of their campaign and then apply that learning to improve their returns. In Q1, we released an ads relevant score, a way for marketers to better understand how people respond to their ads. This helps marketers test different types of creative and optimize performance. 
We also launch conversion lift, a tool that scientifically measures how much additional business is driven from Facebook ads. This is important because it shows that ads on mobile can drive sales in retail stores and via other channels. For example, Celbas is a woman's fashion retail in Europe. Using conversion lift, they proved that ads on Facebook mobile drove sales on desktop and via phone calls to sales reps at their call centers. 
On the ad tech side, we are pleased with the results we're driving for advertisers and publishers. A good example of this is Cheetah Mobile. Using native ads from the audience network in its app, the Company is getting more than 2 times the CPMs compared to other ad networks. 
We continue to invest in our ad tech platform. At our F8 developer conference last month, we made two important LiveRail announcements that will improve the relevance of ads people see across a sites, apps, and devices. We extended LiveRail's video ad platform into in-app mobile display, which will give publishers better ways to manage their ad inventory across devices. 
We also announced that LiveRail will give publishers access to Facebook's anonymized demographic information, enabling us to serve more relevant ads to people. We've had a great start to the year and we're really optimistic about what's to come. Our teams are executing well, staying focused on our big priorities, and continuing to innovate. Now here's Dave. 

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. 
Q1 was a strong quarter for Facebook. We generated $3.5 billion in revenue and $1.2 billion in free cash flow, and continued making investments to position us for both near-term and long-term growth. 
We are pleased with the growth and engagement of our community. In March, 936 million people used Facebook on an average day, an increase of 17% compared to last year. This daily number represents 65% of the 1.44 billion people who used Facebook during the month of March. 
Mobile remains the key driver of our growth. In March, approximately 1.25 billion people accessed Facebook on mobile devices, up 24% from last year. In addition to Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp continue to grow, exceeding 300 million, 600 million, and 800 million MAU, respectively. 
Now turning to the financials. All of our comparisons on our on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted. Additionally, as a reminder, our non-GAAP measures exclude stock-based compensation and the amortization of intangibles. Total revenue was $3.5 billion, up 42%, or 49% on a constant currency basis. 
Ad revenue was $3.3 billion, up 46%, or 55% on a constant currency basis. The general strengthening of the US dollar in the past year had an unfavorable impact on our revenue. Had foreign exchange rates remained constant with Q1 2014 levels, our total revenue this quarter would have been approximately $190 million higher. 
Regionally, we saw strong North American ad revenue growth of 53% in the quarter, second only to APAC, which grew 57%. Europe and the Rest of World revenue grew more slowly at 35% and 32%, respectively, with currency impacts leading to a significant reduction in these regions' year-over-year growth rates. 
Mobile ad revenue in Q1 was $2.4 billion, up from approximately $1.3 billion last year. Revenue from ads served on personal computers was down approximately 4%, and we continue to see overall usage on PCs decline. 
In Q1, the average price per ad increased 285%, while total ad impressions declined 62%. Similar to last quarter, these price volume trends were primarily driven by the redesign of our right-hand column ads, which rolled out in the third quarter of last year. To a lesser degree, the shift of usage towards mobile, where we don't have right-hand column ads, also contributed to the reported price volume trends. 
Total payments and other fees revenue was $226 million, down 5% compared to last year, a trend we expect to continue. The decline was driven by the year-over-year reduction in payments revenue related to games played on personal computers. 
Turning now to expenses, our Q1 total GAAP expenses were $2.6 billion, up 83%, and non-GAAP expenses were $1.7 billion, up 57%. Similar to last quarter, stock-based compensation and amortization expenses related to the WhatsApp acquisition contributed significantly to the year-over-year growth in GAAP expenses. 
Non-GAAP expense growth was primarily driven by increases in headcount-related costs, cost of revenue, and marketing expenses. We ended Q1 with 10,082 employees, up 48% compared to last year. We remain very pleased with our ability to attract and retain top-tier talent. 
Q1 operating income was $933 million, representing a 26% operating margin. Non-GAAP operating income was $1.8 billion, representing a 52% margin. Our Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were 45% and 35%, respectively. Q1 GAAP net income was $512 million, or $0.18 per share, and non-GAAP net income was $1.2 billion, or $0.42 per share. In Q1, capital expenditures were $502 million, and we generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow. We ended the quarter with $12.4 billion in cash and investments. 
Turning now to the outlook, let's start with revenue. The strengthening of the US dollar in the past year reduced our Q1 total revenue growth rate by 7 percentage points, or approximately $190 million. The dollar strengthened over the course of the quarter, and in the month of March, our year-over-year total revenue growth rate was approximately 10% lower than it would have been in constant currency terms. 
Based on this, we estimate that foreign exchange headwinds in Q2 will likely be greater than those we experienced in Q1. In addition, we expect our total payments and other fees revenue to decline on a year-over-year basis for the remainder of the year. 
Turning to expense guidance, we are tightening our expense guidance range modestly based on better visibility into our annual spending. We expect that the year-over-year growth rate for total 2015 GAAP expenses will be in the range of 55% to 65% as compared to our prior guidance of 55% to 70%. 
We expect that the year-over-year growth rate for total 2015 non-GAAP expenses will be in the range of 50% to 60% as compared to our prior guidance of 50% to 65%. Our expense outlook reflects the broad range of investments that we're making in both our services and infrastructure, as we continue to enhance the core experiences on Facebook and Instagram, grow our messaging products, strengthen our advertising business globally, and invest in long-term growth areas like Oculus and Internet.org. 
The remainder of our guidance remains unchanged. We anticipate our 2015 capital expenditures will be in the neighborhood of $2.7 billion to $3.2 billion. We expect stock-based compensation in 2015 to be in the range of $3 billion to $3.3 billion, approximately half of which is related to our prior acquisitions, most notably WhatsApp. 
We expect amortization expenses in 2015 to be approximately $700 million to $800 million. And lastly, we anticipate our Q2 and full-year 2015 GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates to be consistent with the rates in the first quarter. In summary, Q1 was a great start to the year for Facebook. We are very pleased with of the growth of our community, the strength of our business, and the investments we're making to build long-term shareholder value. 
With that, Chris, let's open up the call for questions.