
Good morning. Thanks for joining us this morning to discuss the second-quarter 2017 results. Hopefully everybody has had a chance to review the earnings release documents that are available on the Bank of America website.
Before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul let me remind you that we may make some forward-looking statements. For further information on those, please refer to either our earnings release documents, our website or our SEC filings.
With that I am pleased to turn it over to Brian Moynihan, our Chairman and CEO, for some opening comments before Paul Donofrio, our CFO, goes through the details. Over to you, Brian.

Good morning and thank you for joining us for our second-quarter results. This quarter represents another solid example of driving responsible growth here at Bank of America, where staying the course and executing against our responsible growth mantra has allowed us to market share and grow revenue.
That mantra drives the way we manage our cost effectively while at the same time making continuing large investments in people and technology for the long-term value of this franchise. That mantra allows us to manage risk well whether its credit, market, operational or reputational risk. That mantra also drives an appropriate pace of growth in a modest GDP environment while holding credit costs down.
All this has resulted in significant operating leverage leading to strong earnings growth and supports our plan to deliver more capital back to shareholders. Through the first six months of 2017, we have more than doubled the amount of net share repurchases and dividends to shareholders compared to the first half of 2016.
As a reminder, with successful CCAR results behind us, we announced plans on June 28 to deliver $17 billion in capital back to shareholders over the next 12 months through higher dividends and net share repurchases. For the quarter we produced net income of $5.3 billion after tax, growing 10% compared to last year's second quarter. Now that was driven by continued strong operating leverage across the franchise.
Our efficiency ratio touched 60% this quarter. In addition to the net income improvement, a 2% reduction in diluted shares resulted in a 12% improvement in diluted EPS. Year-over-year net interest income improvement of nearly $900 million drove revenue growth proving the value of this deposit rich franchise. We continue to also make progress on our returns and our return on tangible common equity moved above 11% for the first time despite increasing capital levels.
As we look at the next slide on first-half line of business results, I'm going to let Paul talk about the details of the quarter in a minute, but I wanted to highlight basically two things. First, the momentum the businesses have comparing the first half of this year versus the first half of last year. And second, to focus a bit on our consumer business as it reached $2 billion in after-tax earnings this quarter.
So as a broad statement, each business segment grew earnings and capital and it had its reported returns well above our cost capital. Consumer Banking produced $3.9 billion in after-tax earnings for the first half of the year, growing 14% from 2016. This was achieved with good revenue improvement in controlling costs and driving operating leverage while maintaining great credit quality.
Our Global Wealth & Investment Management business recorded first-half earnings of $1.6 billion, up 9% year over year with a 27% profit margin. Both of these are records for this business. Our GWIM business has seen assets under management flows of $57 billion for the first six months of the year. This is strong performance considering the industry is navigating many changes both from the customer side and the regulatory side.
While we have been growing and having strong margins we've been investing. The Merrill Lynch One platform, our Merrill Edge platform and other many investments are providing great transparency for clients allowing us to lower our cost.
Our Global Banking business serving commercial customers in commercial lending and treasury services and investment banking has produced first-half profits of $3.5 billion after-tax. Earnings are up 36% from last year with strong operating leverage on an operating basis and lower credit costs. And even though this is our most efficient business at 43%, we continue to make investments in both technology and people.
This quarter, for example -- this year we have rolled out our cash pro customer interface for mobile devices making that -- cash management services more convenient for our clients. And over the last few years we have embarked to increase our local market coverage by just simply hiring more bankers. We have hired nearly 400 bankers over the last couple years and we continue to hire more and we will hire 200 more by the end of next year.
And finally, when you look at our Global Markets business, it earned $2.1 billion in the first half and generated 12% return on its capital. We grew our sales and trading revenue, excluding DVA, in the first half of 2017 versus the first half of the prior year, in this case 2016 -- for the first time in five years the first half grew faster than the previous year's first half. This growth combined with continued expense discipline drove that improvement.
So in general, all our businesses continue to improve. And now I want to focus a second on our consumer business and you can see that on slide 4. So given the $2 billion in earnings milestone, I want to talk about and focus on the multi-year effort this business has gone through.
This change really began around 2009 when we had more than 6,000 financial centers, 100,000 associates and about one-third less deposits. And at the time we had some digital banking capabilities but nothing near what we have now. The team has worked hard over an extended period to produce the results you see today.
Not only have they significantly reduced headcount, we've done that while adding more and more sales and relationship teammates. We have not only reduced financial centers but we invested and refurbished many and added others in markets we didn't previously serve. And we've continuously invested heavily in technology to drive innovation to keep up with customer behavior changes. And all during this our customer experience continues to improve.
As you go to slide 4 you can see some of the trended results just for the last four years. In 2014, due to all the changes that you're all familiar with, the revenue had declined in this business because of regulatory changes and to focusing more on our direct business to our consumers as opposed to some of the indirect businesses.
As you can see also from the crisis forward, we had focused on underwriting prime and super prime customers. And you can see that in the change in total net charge-offs that occurred prior to 2014 and remains in good stead over the last four years. At the same time, while those credit costs have come down, our risk-adjusted revenue has been improving.
Also you can see our expenses on the lower right hand side continue to drive tremendous operating leverage leading to that net income growth. Today's business operates at a 52% efficiency ratio and, with continuing to drive the customer behavior changes, continued investments for further cost improvements, we expect that to go lower.
Continuing on slide 5, you can see some of the other changes in the business that have enabled us to make this change happen. How do we make this happen? We do it by optimizing and driving technology enhancements for our customers, for our teammates and ultimately for the benefit of you, our shareholders.
This sustained level of investments is also validated by the top-tier rankings by third parties, whether it is in digital banking or mortgage banking fulfillment operations of Merrill Edge, and we continue to enhance these offerings. This quarter we launched new capabilities for car shopping and financing those cars through mobile and added new person-to-person features through our partnership with Zelle. We have also rolled out small business capabilities to respond faster to the needs of the small businesses we serve across America.
We can't emphasize enough the positive impacts all these investments, especially mobile and digital, have made in our improvement as mobile banking users you can see have grown to 23 million at the end of the second quarter. Rapid adoption in digital is shown in the charts you can see on the interactions in the lower part of the page. This quarter we broke through the 1 billion interactions digitally with our customers. That is 1 billion in a single quarter.
When you look at deposit transactions you can see that 21% of all the deposits are made through mobile devices today. That's equivalent of what 1,000 financial centers does. That's important for client satisfaction, but it's also important because those cost 1/10 of what it costs to do it over the counter.
Once customer got used to transacting we're now using devices in a broader sense. You can see in the quarter 370,000 appointments were set up on a mobile device to come to the branch. When they come to the financial center we are in better shape to serve them because we know what they are coming for we know what they need. In addition, sales on digital devices are up to 22% of all our account and loan sales.
So then we switch to the payment side. Payment volumes have been increasing over this time period, but electronification of those payments shows increased adoption of mobile banking and other digital payment methods. You can see in the lower part of the page on the left-hand side while payments have grown 4% overall, digital has grown at an 8% pace while non-digital is relatively flat.
Our latest push that we made a lot of discussion about with all of you has been person-to-person. This is an important payment stream that we are driving. It's already sizable, but it still only accounts for 3% of the total payments in our consumer business this quarter. It's still in early adoption but P2P customers sent $18 billion in payments through our platform in quarter two. This is up 20% year over year.
So people focus on all the digital activity, but at the same time we have 800,000 customers a day come into our financial centers. These financial centers serve those customers well, not only helping them transact when they need to, but more importantly to help answer their financial needs and by serving them with the products and capabilities that we have with a face-to-face specialized professional.
We will continue to invest in that branch structure and it's all in the run rate you see today. We have now built or refurbished 290 centers over the past 12 months and expect to have completed more than 1,500 by the year-end 2019. In addition, we have upgraded all our ATMs or plan to upgrade all ATMs and will finish that by the end of 2019 as well. That's 16,000 new ATMs over three or four years. All that has led to customer satisfaction levels which have reached the highest level in our history.
So at the end of the day our consumer business is an sample of driving responsible growth, growing with no excuses, doing it [in] the right way [with] the customer, doing it [while] managing risk well, and importantly doing it on a sustainable and best basis, investing in the future while producing great returns in the current. With that I want to turn it over to Paul for some more details about the quarter.

Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everybody. I am starting on slide 6. As Brian said, we earned $5.3 billion or $0.46 per diluted share with EPS increasing 12% versus Q2 2016. Revenue of $22.8 billion in 7% higher than Q2 2016 and expenses of $13.7 billion was 2% higher than Q2 2016.
The quarter included a few noteworthy items. First, we completed the sale of our UK consumer card business during the quarter resulting in a small after-tax gain. The transaction added roughly 12 basis points to our advanced CET1 ratio through both additions to CET1 and reductions in RWA.
A pretax gain of roughly $800 million recorded in All Other reflects a number of factors ,including a premium on credit card receivables sold and the monetization of goodwill. It also reflects the recognition in other income of currency hedging gains and transaction losses from currency fluctuations that were previously recorded in OCI.
Lastly, we recorded tax expense associated with the currency hedging gains which drove our effective tax rate higher in Q2. After-tax the gain added about $100 million to earnings. The sale completes the transformation of our consumer credit card business from a multi-country multi-brand business to a single brand business serving core retail customers in the United States. As usual we also note DVA for you; this quarter net DVA was a negative $159 million which was similar to Q2 2016.
We also recorded a couple of charges in expense that are worth mentioning. The first is a $300 million impairment charge related to a few data centers we are in the process of selling. The second is severance costs which were approximately $100 million higher than Q2 2016. Provision expense was $726 million compared to $976 million in Q2 2016 as net charge-offs of $908 million improved versus Q1 and year over year. And as Brian mentioned, ROA and ROTC approached our financial targets, improving both on a year-over-year basis and on a linked-quarter basis.
Turning to the balance sheet on slide 7, overall end of period assets increased a modest $7 billion from Q1 despite the sale of assets totaling $11 billion associated with the UK card business. We increased assets associated with our trading business as we continue to invest in our clients, particularly in our equities business. These increases in assets were offset by a decline in cash driven by seasonal deposit outflows associated with tax payments and a shift from deposits to AUM and brokerage in our Wealth Management business.
When looking at deposits on the year-over-year basis, they are up $47 billion 4% from Q2 2016 driven entirely by our Consumer Banking business. Loans on an end of period basis were up $11 million from Q1 as broad-based growth across consumer and commercial loans was modestly offset by the runoff of legacy noncore loans. It's worth noting that this loan growth excludes UK card. These card loans were moved from assets of business held for sale when we announced the transaction in Q4 2016.
On the liability side, long-term debt increased $2.5 billion during the quarter to $224 billion  this quarter and we remain compliant with fully phased in US LCR requirements.
The asset composition of our global liquidity sources is materially the same as high quality liquid assets as defined under the US LCR rule. However, HQLA for the purposes of calculating LCR are reported not at their fair market value, but at a lower value which incorporates regulatory haircuts and exclusion of excess liquidity held in certain subsidiaries. Therefore the HQLA on a net basis when reported will be lower than our current GLS number.
Common equity increased $2.8 billion compared to Q1. This increase was driven by $4.9 billion of net income available to common and improved OCI of $700 million offset by common dividends and net share repurchases totaling $2.8 billion in the quarter. Tangible book value per share of $17.78 increased 6% versus Q2 2016.
Turning to regulatory metrics and focusing on the advanced approach, our CET1 transition ratio under Basel III ended the quarter at 11.6%. On a fully phased in basis compared to Q1, the CET1 ratio improved 50 basis points to 11.5% and remains well above our 2019 requirement of 9.5%.
CET1 increased $4.4 billion to $168.7 billion driven by earnings, utilization of deferred tax assets and less goodwill deductions given the UK card sale. These improvements in CET1 were partially offset by return of capital. The CET1 ratio also benefitted from a $34 billion decline in RWA driven by continued optimization work, including model improvements, as well as the sale of UK card.
We also provide our capital metrics under the standardized approach. While our RWA reduction was lower under the standardized approach our CET1 ratio still improved 40 basis points to 12%. Supplementary leverage ratios for both parent and bank continue to exceed US regulatory minimums that take effect in 2018.
Turning to slide 8, on an average basis total loans were up $15 billion or 2% from Q2 2016. Note that the sale of UK card lowered average loans by $2.9 billion, so you may want to adjust for that when studying growth trends. As usual, loan growth was reduced by the continued runoff of noncore consumer real estate loans in All Other.
Year-over-year loans in All Other were down $24 billion. On the other hand, loans in our business segments were up $39 billion, or 5%. Consumer Banking led with 8% growth. We continue to see good growth in residential mortgages; we also saw good growth in credit card and vehicle loans. Home equity originations are up nicely but continue to be outpaced by pay downs.
In Wealth Management we saw year-over-year growth of 7% driven by residential mortgages as well as structured lending. Global Banking loans were up 3% year over year. There was a lot of capital markets activity this quarter and this may have impacted more than usual loan growth among larger corporates as a number of funded bridge loans were paid off and as borrowers substituted bonds for loans in a flattening curve environment.
On the bottom right note that we grew average deposits by $44 billion, or 4% year over year. This growth was driven by our consumer segment which grew deposits by 9% year over year.
Turning to asset quality on slide 9. As I have emphasized before, the stability of our asset quality and loss trends reflects years of disciplined client selection and strengthened underwriting standards along with an improving economy. While there is room in the industry for other strategies, we remain focused on responsible growth. Credit quality continues to be solid with net charge-offs, NPLs, delinquencies and reservable criticized exposure all improving from Q1.
Total net charge-offs were $908 million or 40 basis points of average loans, decreasing $26 million from Q1. Provision expense of $726 million declined $109 million from Q1 and was down $250 million from Q2 2016, driven by lower losses in consumer real estate and improvements across most of our commercial portfolio, particularly energy. Our reserve coverage remains strong with an allowance to loans coverage ratio of 120 basis points and a coverage level three times our annual net charge-offs.
Turning to slide 10, we break out credit quality metrics for both our consumer and commercial portfolios. Asset quality metrics in consumer real estate continue to improve. While net charge-offs were down overall, there are a few small items to bring to your attention.
Within consumer we had a small recovery on the sale of a legacy consumer portfolio. And note that one-third of the quarterly UK card losses went away with the June 1 sale. While US card losses increased from seasoning, they remain low. Consumer NPLs of $5.3 billion are at the lowest level since Q2 2008. NPLs came down from Q1 levels and keep in mind that 43% of our consumer NPLs are current on their payments. Commercial losses were up modestly from Q1 driven by a couple of names.
Turning to slide 11, net interest income on a GAAP non-FTE basis was $11 billion, $11.2 billion on an FTE basis. Compared to Q2 2016, which has the same day count and seasonal factors, NII is up $868 million or 9% driven by an improving spread between our asset yields and deposit pricing in an environment where both short end rates and long end rates increased.
We also benefited from loan growth and excess deposits deployed in security balances. Compared to Q1 2017, NII was relatively flat as the benefit from an increase in short end rates was offset by a number of factors, including lower long end rates in the quarter.
First, we increased client financing activities and balances in our equities business to support clients and drive growth. Some of the products we used to accomplish this created interest expense with no interest income. Instead they drove trading account profits recorded in non-interest income.
Second, the UK card sale closed June 1. That was earlier than we expected and so the quarter's comparisons to previous ones are negatively impacted by one-third of UK cards interest income.
Third, we saw a decline in leasing interest from the seasonality we see in Q1, but that was offset by one additional day in interest in Q2 versus Q1.
And then lastly, we experienced some negative debt hedging effectiveness. As a reminder, accounting rules require us to measure changes in the value of our debt differently than changes in the value of swaps we use to hedge, creating temporary ineffectiveness that will revert to zero over the remaining life.
As a general comment on deposit pricing, overall we held pricing relatively stable in Q2; however, we did increase pricing for some commercial and wealth management clients late in the quarter and this will impact Q3 NII. While holding pricing relatively steady we were able to grow deposits 9% year over year in our consumer segment.
Looking forward to Q3, please keep three additional things in mind. First, with respect to rates, the most recent June short end rate hike should benefit Q3 NII subject to continued stability in industry deposit pricing. But, the Q2 decline in long end rates will have a negative lag effect in Q3 with respect to the write-off of premium associated with prepayment of mortgage-backed securities.
Second, we will benefit from one additional day of interest. And third, going forward we will also feel the effects of the full quarter loss of interest income from UK card equating to about $225 million. Having said all that, we would expect NII to be up compared to Q2 if the forward curve is realized and if we have some loan and deposit growth.
With respect to asset sensitivity, as of 6/30 an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in rates is estimated to increase NII by $3.2 billion over the subsequent 12 months, which is broadly in line with our position at the end of the first quarter and continues to be predominantly driven by our sensitivity to short end rates.
Turning to slide 12, non-interest expense was $13.7 billion. As I mentioned earlier, Q2 included roughly $400 million in higher costs from the combination of impairment costs associated with the sale of a few data centers and higher severance costs. Otherwise litigation and other operating costs were lower.
We feel good about our expense progress this quarter especially in light of our continued investments in sales professionals and new technology. Also remember we have $100 million in higher quarterly costs from FDIC assessments compared to Q2 2016. The efficiency ratio hit our 60% target this quarter, improving 300 basis points year over year.
With respect to associate levels, on a full-time equivalent basis, we are down modestly from the prior quarter. Please note that we have changed our disclosure on employees from FTE to headcount this quarter. By the way, that was a SIM idea from one of our associates. FTE is much more complicated to calculate and less relevant today given our shift from part-time associates.
As you can see, the headcount is down more than 4,000 from Q2 2016. Half of that decrease is driven by UK card and half by Consumer Banking optimization. Note the continuing shift from non-client facing associates to primary sales professionals which now make up 21% of our headcount. Compared to Q1 2017 the release of associates from the sale of UK card was offset by bringing on 1,500 summer interns and hiring 1,000 primary sales professionals.
Just a quick observation on these interns. We selected these 1,500 students from 133,000 applications as we continue to be an employer of choice. From a diversity perspective, 42% of these interns are female and 53% are ethnically diverse.
Turning to the business segments and starting with Consumer Banking on slide 13. Consumer Banking recorded their highest earnings in a decade. Earnings were $2 billion growing 21% year over year and returning 22% on allocated capital. The business created 900 basis points of operating leverage, holding expenses flat while growing revenue 9%.
Year over year average loans grew 8%, average deposits grew 9%, and Merrill Edge brokerage assets grew 21%. An improvement in NII drove the 9% revenue growth which was driven by an increase in the value of deposits given the rise in short end rates as well as solid loan growth.
Note that the rate paid on deposits in this business remains low at 4 basis points as we remain very disciplined on pricing. Non-interest income included improvement in service charges and a small increase in card income that was more than offset by a decline in mortgage banking income.
Through combined efforts to drive costs down, the efficiency ratio improved nearly 500 basis points to 52%. Cost of deposits fell below 160 basis points in the quarter. Consumer Banking credit quality remains strong with a net charge-off ratio of 121 basis points.
Turning to slide 14 and looking at key trends, our strategy remains focused on relationship deepening and growing total revenue while improving operating leverage through expense discipline. The concept of total revenue is important as you evaluate NII and fee movements.
Mortgage banking income was lower driven by our strategy of holding more of our originations on our balance sheet instead of selling to the agencies. We believe retaining these mortgages on our balance sheet provides better economics over time. In Q2 we retained about 90% of our mortgage production on balance sheet.
Also note that our relationship deepening preferred rewards program is improving NII and balance growth while holding fee lines flat as we reward customers for doing more business with us. Spending levels on debit and credit cards were up 6% year over year and new issuance of credit cards was solid at $1.3 million. Spending levels on cards drives revenue but are largely offset by rewards given back to customers.
Focusing on client balances on the bottom left, you can see that the success -- we continue to have growing deposits, loans and brokerage assets. At the bottom right you can see deposits broken out. Our 9% year-over-year average deposit growth continues to outpace the industry while the rate paid remains low and stable. Importantly 50% of these deposits are checking accounts and we estimate 90% of these checking accounts are the primary accounts of households.
With respect to loans, residential mortgage continues to lead our growth while we also saw growth in card and auto. Client brokered assets are up 21% year over year driven by strong client flows as well as market performance, new accounts grew 10% from Q2 2016.
The digitalization efforts that Brian discussed earlier and other productivity improvements continue to drive expenses lower. Expenses were stable compared to Q2 2016 despite strong revenue growth and increases in the FDIC assessment rate and charges. We continue to remain focused on prime and super prime borrowers with average book FICO scores of at least 760.
Turning to slide 15, let's review Global Wealth & Investment Management which produced record earnings of $804 million, a pretax margin of 28% and a return on allocated capital of 23%. The industry continues to evolve as firms and clients anticipate new fiduciary requirements and other market dynamics such as the shift between active and passive investing. At the same time the financial markets continue to provide a tailwind to client activity and balances.
We saw $28 billion of AUM flow this quarter continuing the strength of $29 billion in Q1. Net interest income rose 14% driven by an increase in the value of deposits given the rise in short end rates as well as an increase in loans. Year-over-year noninterest income improved 3%. However, note that in Q2 2016, non-interest income included a $60 million gain from the sale of cash management capabilities as we transition from proprietary products to open architecture.
Adjusting for that prior period gain noninterest income improved 5% -- as 10% higher asset management fees were partially offset by lower transactional revenue. Year-over-year expenses were up 3% from revenue-related incentives as well as higher FDIC costs. Revenue growth outpaced revenue-related expense producing solid operating leverage.
Moving to slide 16, we continue to see overall solid client engagement. Client balances now exceed $2.6 trillion driven by higher market values, solid AUM flows and continued loan growth. Average deposits of $295 billion  were down $12 billion from Q1 reflecting both normal seasonality from tax payments as well as client shifts to investment in AUM and brokerage. Average loans of $151 billion were up 7% year over year. Loan growth remained concentrated in consumer real estate as well as structured lending.
Turning to slide 17, Global Banking earned $1.8 billion in Q2. Earnings increased 19% from Q2 2016 driven by good results across investment banking and treasury services. Return on allocated capital was up year over year to 18% despite an increase in capital allocated to this business.
A number of results to note given the strong performance: record revenue in the quarter, record advisory fees, record first-half revenue and net income and year to date we remain ranked number three in investment banking with fees of $3.1 billion. Year-over-year revenue growth of 7% coupled with flat expenses drove operating leverage of 600 basis points.
Provision expense of $15 million in Q2 2017 is down $184 million driven by improvements across most of the portfolio, particularly energy. Global Banking loan growth was 3% year over year. The pace of loan growth remains good, but has slowed driven by both capital markets disintermediation as well as reduced demand from clients as they look for more certainty of economic growth.
With respect to disintermediation, clients are using bond issuance to pay down loans and pay off funded bridges. Global Banking held expenses relatively flat compared to Q2 2016 as savings offset higher technology investment.
Looking at trends on slide 18 and comparing to Q2 last year, average loans were up $11 billion or 3%. With the exception of CRE, loan growth was fairly broad-based with C&I loans up 5% in middle-market lending. Average deposits were stable relative to Q2 2016. NII growth drove the 7% year-over-year revenue increase.
NII increased $286 million from Q2 2016 driven by an increase in the value of deposits, given the rise in short-term rates as well as increase in loans partially offset by modest spread compression on loans. Total investment banking fees of $1.5 billion were up 9% from Q2 2016, finishing strong in the last few weeks of the quarter. As I mentioned, record M&A fees drove the increase. Within debt capital markets we saw a solid increase in investment grade fees while leverage finance declined.
Switching to Global Markets on slide 19, the business had a solid quarter earning $830 million or $928 million if one excludes net DVA. Global Markets generated a 10% return on allocated capital. Earnings were down relative to Q2 2016 which, if you remember, was uncharacteristically strong given a rebound from a weak Q1 2016 and the Brexit vote.
Just to complete the picture, remember Q3 last year was also atypically stronger than Q2 2016. 2017 has followed a more typical seasonal pattern so far this year. While Q2 was solid, sales and trading, excluding DVA, declined 9% from Q2 2016. But comparing the first-half results of 2017 to 2016, sales and trading ex-DVA increased 6%. This is the first time in the past five years that first-half performance is up year over year. With respect to expenses, Q2 2017 was 3% higher than Q2 2016 driven by increased technology investment.
Moving to trends on slide 20 and focusing on the components of our sales and trading performance, sales and trading revenue of $3.4 billion, excluding net DVA, was down 9% from Q2 2016, finishing ahead of our mid-quarter expectations. Excluding net DVA and versus Q2 2016, fixed sales and trading of $2.3 billion decreased 14%.
Within FICC, the year-over-year decline was driven by stronger rates in emerging markets. In Q2 2016 equity sales and trading was up 3% year over year to $1.1 billion benefiting from growth in client financing activity offset by slower secondary market revenue.
On slide 21 we show All Other, which reported a net loss of $183 million. This includes the $100 million after-tax gain associated with the sale of UK card. Revenue here also includes a roughly $800 million pretax gain from the UK card transaction which was almost entirely offset by related tax expense recorded here as well.
Non-interest expense includes the data center impairment charge I mentioned earlier, which was mostly offset by lower personnel and other operating costs. When comparing expenses and earnings to Q1 2017, remember Q1 2017 includes seasonal retirement eligible incentives and elevated payroll tax expense of $1.4 billion.
The effective tax rate for the quarter was 37.1%, which includes approximately $700 million of tax expense recorded in conjunction with the sale of UK card. We continue to expect an effective tax rate of approximately 30% for the rest of the year absent unusual items.
Okay, a few summary points to wrap up. Again this quarter, we created operating leverage by managing expenses while improving revenue. For years we have been focused on growing responsibly including staying within our risk and client frameworks as well as simplifying the Company to improve operational efficiency, all aimed at making our growth more sustainable.
In Q2 consistent with this strategy, we stuck to our strong underwriting standards while growing loans and investing in our clients in global markets. Asset quality remains strong as net charge-offs, NPLs, delinquencies and commercial reservable criticized exposure all declined.
Several of the businesses set new records for revenue or earnings as we grow with our clients and manage costs well. Importantly, we continue to invest in new technology and capabilities while adding sales professionals in certain businesses. And we significantly increased the amount of capital we returned to shareholders and announced plans to increase that even more.
These results tell us that responsible growth is working and that we are well-positioned to continue to invest in and grow with our customers and clients as the economy continues to improve. With that, we will open it up to Q&A.