Answer_1:

    Sure. In terms of back-to-school, certainly the results are reflected in the Q3 results that you see today. There's a number of different impacts back-to-school has. One thing I would like to call out, as you look at our North American media growth rates, one thing that we are seeing is certainly a shift from a textbook standpoint from purchase to rental. And, so, we see a lot more customers renting, so you see that impacting the growth rate a bit in North America media.
But in terms of Q4, as in any Q4 when we look at it, there's a wide range of outcomes with giving a wide range of guidance. What we feel good about is we have a team that's been improving customer experience over the past 12 months. We're very excited to serve customers. We've had a lot of unique selection. We've got an inventory closer to customers, many different things we're doing on behalf of customers. We're very excited about the holiday season and look forward to serving customers.
In terms of Twitch, we're very excited to have Twitch as part of our overall team. We've been in video games for quite some time and we think that it's a very creative team. They're doing some very innovative things on behalf of their customers and our customers. And, so, we're excited to have them be part of Amazon, and look forward to working together with that team.

Answer_2:

    Thanks for the questions. In terms of the consolidated segment or the segment operating for international, certainly versus what you would have seen last quarter, some notable changes. One is we're certainly getting ready for the holiday season. So, as we get ready for the holiday season, we are expanding from a capacity standpoint.
We do see we've gotten great penetration in Fulfilled by Amazon customers. So you'll see that actually our growth rate, our unit growth rate, is actually higher than our revenue growth rate. That's what we've been experiencing. So, certainly adding capacity from a fulfillment perspective, adding capacity from a infrastructure standpoint.
If you look at our overall operating expenses, we're certainly investing. With the slower growth rate, you're certainly not seeing as much leverage. We understand that we do have to get leverage over time, but we are investing right now. We're also investing in newer emerging geographies including India and Italy and Spain, and continue to invest in China.
And then one other call out. We had mentioned in my opening remarks there was approximately $170 million impact related to inventory evaluations and supplier commitment costs. The vast majority of that was in North America, but there was about $25 million in international, just to let you know that's there.
In terms of the growth rates, it has been softer across a number of geographies. If you look back over the past, really, four quarters, we've seen a little bit of volatility between the quarters, but it's been softer. We continue to focus on the inputs. We still think international is a very big opportunity for us in terms of growth.
More recently, if you look at the growth rate for Q3 and you see the 13% excluding foreign exchange, you may remember on the last call about 90 days ago I talked about Q2. What had happened was, in late Q1 we had seen a ramp up in Japan before the consumption tax increase happened on April 1. We saw a pretty sizeable drop off in Japan growth rates from Q1 to Q2, which brought that down.
The only update -- again, there's a number of different puts and takes in geographies -- but the only other comment I would say is that we really haven't seen Japan growth rates improving since Q2. So, that's something that's there.
But in terms of the fundamentals, long term we're very excited about international, as well as North America. We think that it's a big opportunity. We continue to focus on the inputs. Some of those inputs are certainly on the media side working on the conversion from physical media to digital media. We continue to work on that in a number of different ways. We continue to add new selection in those geographies and work on the retail basics. And so, again, we're very excited about the opportunity.

Answer_3:

    Thanks for the question, Scott. With anything new that we do, and obviously we've done, as you mentioned we've done a lot of new things, there's certainly a wide range of outcome. And we certainly understand that. We try to learn from everything that we do as we launch new opportunities. That's something across things that go great and things that don't go as well as others. We try to learn from that.
And, so, the way that I would describe it is, from a looking-forward standpoint, we still think that we have a lot of opportunities. That said, we need to be very selective about what opportunities we pursue. So, that's, again, the way we're thinking about it. Probably not much more I can add to it than that.

Answer_4:

    Sure. In terms of the first question, the $170 million, it's predominantly in COGS. The very vast majority is in COGS. And then in terms of the split about $25 million of that is in international and the remainder is in North America.
In terms of the growth, we certainly are seeing that in textbooks. We do see in other digital media, we're certainly seeing rentals being part for our portfolio, more than we had probably during certainly with physical. But in terms of some of the recent growth rates the one that I called out related to book rentals is certainly impacting North America media.
One of the other things that's really impacting it, too, is we just had some things last year Q3 that were overlapping, that were paused in Q3 last year from a demand standpoint. One was, certainly, in physical books we had very heavy discounting, which helped our growth in Q3 last year. We're overlapping that in Q3 this year.

Answer_5:

    Sure. We're looking at a number of different metrics over a long period of time. And certainly our goal is to maximize free cash flow over the long term. We don't focus on individual margins, but we do focus on the inputs that are going to help drive free cash flow and operating income.
We certainly will look at making sure that we're using our capital wisely so that over time we get good returns on invested capital. And we certainly have been in several years now of what I would call an investment mode, because of the opportunities that we've had in front of us. As I mentioned earlier, there's still lots of opportunity in front of us, but we know that we have to be very selective about which opportunities we pursue. But we're encouraged by the opportunities that we have.

Answer_6:

    Yes.

Answer_7:

    We have processes in place to make sure that we have a very high bar on the hiring that we do. The people that we're hiring are extraordinarily talented. We're very fortunate to get to work with so many talented people here. And we've been fortunate to be able to grow that employment base to work on the opportunities that we have.

Answer_8:

    In terms of the principal drivers, it's the two that I mentioned. It's the textbook rentals and also overlapping some of the strong discounting in strong titles that we had in some categories. So it's across a number of categories within the media. But those are the two principal drivers.

Answer_9:

    No. Still, both in terms of North America and international, there is certainly a shift that's going on from physical to digital. And that's something that we're spending a lot of time on and trying to improve the experience for customers. And we've been able to do that certainly over a period of time. And so it's something that we'll continue to work on.

Answer_10:

    Sure. In terms of sort centers we'll have over 15 sort centers in the US by the end of the year. It's certainly helping us a lot. We have same day delivery in 12 cities. We'll have Sunday delivery in approximately 50% of the population. And, so, we're pleased to do that.
And in terms of the ad network there's not a lot I can say there.

Answer_11:

    In terms of original content we're excited about it. We're investing as we talked about last quarter. We spent approximately $100 million in the quarter. Keep in mind that that's expensed in the quarter and so that's included in the results that you see in Q3. We're very excited about it.
We have a number of pilots, as well as a number of series launched. Transparent, you mentioned, is one of them. It's gotten very good reviews. The streaming on that series has been great. So, we're very excited about it and we think it's an interesting area for customers.
We continue to invest heavily in video content, including originals. There's a number of different metrics we're looking at certainly from a Prime standpoint. What we are seeing so far is those customers who are streaming are renewing at considerably higher rates, at a rate that's already high. So, we like what we see there.
When customers come in for new trials, free trials, and they engage from a video content standpoint, we see the conversion being higher. So, we see that we're adding new Prime members as a result of that. When those new Prime members become Prime members, the other thing we're seeing is they are buying physical product, which is a great impact for us. We see very similar patterns in terms of how much physical product that they're purchasing from us.
We're still certainly in investment mode there, but we like what we see. We have a long way to go there but we're concentrating on building a great service. And we see that customers are rewarding us with engagement on the content, both original and licensed. And they're buying more from us on the physical side and becoming Prime members when they do, and renewing at higher rates.
So, those are some of the early signs. We'll continue to monitor it very closely. But we're excited about what we're seeing there.
In terms of some of the international comments, and I would say this not just international but I'd say it for the US, as well. One thing that's not new is it's a very competitive environment. We have a lot of competitors both online and offline. That's not anything that's new. We are used to operating in that environment. We've been in that environment, really, for 19 years. But we are seeing a lot of competition. Again, that's not new.

Answer_12:

    In terms of AWS, we saw a very good growth in Q3, as well. From a usage standpoint, it's very similar to Q2, close to 90%. And, so, the team's doing just a fantastic job.
You can see our other revenue in North America went up a little bit sequentially. AWS is certainly the largest piece of that and it's the vast majority of it. They're growing at a faster rate than that other line item. So, again, the team is doing a fantastic job in not only serving customers, but launching many new features and services. And you can see some of the detail in that in the highlight section of our release today. So we're very excited about it.
In terms of devices, I can't speculate what we would do going forward. But we just launched a number of new tablets and E-readers that we're excited about. There's some really great price points for customers on the tablet side. We also launched a kids' tablet, which is the first time we've launched.
We've launched some new Kindles, including our premium Kindle. It's a terrific product. We think it's the best Kindle we've made to date, for sure, and so we're very excited about that. And we're excited to have these offerings for customers.

Answer_13:

    In terms of leverage, beyond the guidance that we're giving today, there's not a lot of certainty I can give you. But, again, what I'd mentioned earlier is we do have a lot of opportunities, but our job is to be judicious and selective about which opportunities we pursue. And, so, that's the way we're thinking about it. I apologize I can't give you any more certainty in terms of timing, but certainly that's the way we're thinking about it.
In terms of buybacks, we have an open buyback right now. We have authorization to do that. I certainly can't comment on what price points we would or wouldn't do there.

Answer_14:

    Yes, in terms of the holiday season, Justin, if you look back the last several years, I've been giving wide ranges because it's, again, our most seasonal quarter, always challenging to predict precisely where we're going to be. In terms of a dollar range, I gave a $3 billion range last year, I'm giving a $3 billion range again this year from a revenue perspective. Again, wide range. At the higher end of the range, excluding foreign exchange it's approximately 21%, so it's a little bit higher than what we saw in Q3. And then you can see we were on the low end of the range.
In terms of the season itself, we're very excited about it in terms of to serve customers. We feel great about the selection that we have added and are continuing to add for the holiday season. We think from an operations standpoint each year we try to get better, and we believe that we'll be even better this year than we have in previous years. And so we're super excited to serve customers.
In terms of the phone, the only other thing that I can comment on is, at the end of Q3, we had approximately $83 million worth of inventory on hand. I can't comment on how that would impact guidance or not, but that's the amount of inventory we had on hand at the end of Q3.

Answer_15:

    Sure. In terms of the number of fulfillment centers it's 13 net for the year. And then, as I mentioned earlier, in the US we'll have more than 15 sort centers by the end of the year.
In terms of -- sorry, the other part of the question was on Fresh? The team's doing a great job from a customer experience standpoint. As you can see we're in a few cities today. The team is just heads down focused on making sure that experience is great for customers. We continue -- customers like the service. So, we're seeing good pick up there.
And as you mentioned, we're expanding into Brooklyn. I can't speculate on what we do beyond the cities that we have launched to date, but we're excited about what we're seeing so far there.

Answer_16:

    In terms of what we do going forward, I certainly wouldn't speculate. We had a price point since our initiation, since the launch of Prime at $79. So it took us a long time. And we were very careful with that to increase it to $99.
But since we've increased to $99 we've had great retention. We're very pleased with the retention we've had from customers. The program is growing very fast. We're very excited about it. And, so, we do think that it's really good for customers and it's really good for us and shareowners over the long term.
You're correct in that we're investing in Prime in a number of different ways, including video content, as I talked about earlier. That is certainly the way we will get a return on that investment principally, will be customers buying more, including, and especially, physical products. Again, we're very excited about Prime globally.

Answer_17:

    In terms of the fulfillment cost, you're right. Again, we are adding 13 net fulfillment centers. We'll have over 15 sort centers at the end of the year. Certainly one of the drivers for that is the growth that we're experiencing.
But in addition to that what we're seeing is the FBA adoption continues to get better. We get further penetrated with sellers adopting Fulfilled by Amazon. We think that's really good for sellers and for us and for customers over the long term.
What you're seeing is, several years ago in terms of fulfillment center planning, we were adding less of them and it was much closer to the holiday season. With the sheer amount of capacity that we're adding you're seeing more of that come in even before Q4. So, you're seeing that impacting us earlier. And the benefit of coming in earlier is we get to serve customer, get up to the productivity rates that we want to to serve customers in Q4 by having that capacity in a bit earlier than in past. So, we've seen that trend happen over the past few years where that's coming in earlier than certainly historically we've been able to do.

Answer_18:

    I can't comment from a competitive standpoint what we might or might not do there. But in terms of the Prime referral fee, no, you should not read into that that Prime isn't growing well. In fact, just the opposite. We are seeing great growth.
We like the fact that enabling customers, because they like Prime, to be able to refer others, we think is great for us. I can't actually -- maybe offline you can follow-up with Phil or Dave on the accounting. Off the top of my head I can't remember how that's working. But I know they will be able to answer it for you.

Answer_19:

    In terms of the guidance, it reflects all of the assumptions that we think could happen for the quarter. So, again, it's a wide range. To speak specifically to some of the issues last year, the team, again, we continually are trying to learn from everything that we do, and the team has done a great job learning from our experiences coming out of Q4 last year, as we do every year, and are excited to serve customers.
In terms of the unit growth, there's not a lot I can add in terms of splits, other than the overall growth rate. But we are pleased with -- certainly we're seeing good customer growth. Sellers are -- we're doing, we think, a great job for sellers. We continue to add a lot of unique selection throughout the year in terms of, we have customers, we see FBA for sellers getting further penetrated.
We've launched, we think, some interesting products for customers. We think our Web Services team is doing a great job. We realize that we have a lot of opportunities, but we need to be selective on which opportunities we pursue. And I think beyond that, we're just overall excited and getting ready for the holiday season.
Anyway, thanks, everybody, for calling in today.

Answer_20:

    Thank you for joining us today on the call and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

