Answer_1:

    Yes. We took, Betsy, a piece of our nonperforming loans out. And as nonperforming loans, and as you know, when you receive it -- to the extent that you receive income, you write down the basis to those loans. And we took those loans out and saw healthy gains.
We continue to look at the sale of nonperforming loans, but I would not expect anything near the magnitude from the sale of nonperforming loans that we saw this quarter.

Answer_2:

    I think the timing is going to progress on the schedule that it otherwise would have. I think you all know that from an objector perspective that they were probably the strongest and most vocal objector with respect to the case. And we'll just have to see as we move forward what the impact from them dropping their objection to the case is.
I think the other thing that's important is as it relates to holdings of the securities, or at least a basis to object. They were the largest holder that was out there from holding securities as a part of the settlement. And I think they noted that in their release this morning.

Answer_3:

    Sure. A couple things. If you look at asset sensitivity, you will see that the exposure to a 100 basis point parallel shift in rates, that the benefit increased this quarter from about $3.2 billion in the first quarter to $3.4 billion.
As you look at the deposit base, a couple things of note. The first is, north of 70% of the overall deposits that we have throughout the Company are within our Consumer and Wealth Management business. As it relates to, I would say overall asset betas that through history, given the branch network and the relationships, those tend to be very stable. I think you get a sense for that as you look at the continued deposit growth that we have seen, while at the same time taking rates paid down pretty significantly.
If you move to the institutional side and look at where we are, roughly 75% of the deposits that we have within the institutional business are domiciled here in the US. And the predominant mix of that is with our core Corporate and Commercial customers.
If you look at the reason that they are holding those deposits with us, it is because we tend to be their core relationship bank. We do their cash management; we do their Treasury service revenue and have relationships that are beyond just a place for them to put their deposits.
So as we move forward, there is obviously a level of uncertainty to the extent of a Fed withdrawal. But as we look at the overall deposit base, the stability of it, and our outlook going forward, we feel like that we are very well positioned.

Answer_4:

    I would add on the consumer side also, as you look at year-over-year dynamics in terms of deposit growth of $25 billion, also look at the -- we are still running off a CD portfolio that was more of a funding portfolio for some of the companies that we acquired. So that I think there is, round numbers, a $10 billion reduction in CDs over that time period. And we've also obviously sold some deposits; not a huge amount.
So that growth is over top of all that and net. So we feel good about the Consumer franchise, the ability to continue to grow deposits, even while being very disciplined on price. And as rates rise, that value will be recognized.
And we expect those deposits now are much more core. The average checking account deposits year-over-year I think are up 25%, 30% in terms of average balance.

Answer_5:

    I think if you look at the -- just on a Consumer business, the year-over-year growth was $25 billion and the linked-quarter growth was $10 billion. So obviously we're growing at a faster rate in the current environment -- at the spot, so to speak, Jim -- than we have been year-over-year.
So the growth rate of 2% was nominal in a quarter which would be annualized 8% and about high 5%s to 6% year-over-year. So it's accelerating still by the good core activity.

Answer_6:

    Sure. Let's go -- it's a very good question, Jim, and I think we need to break out and discuss -- if you look at the declines that we saw in the residential mortgage area, those are largely due to whole loan repayments of loans that are held within our investment portfolio. So if you look at the Consumer Business, I think there are a couple key things that I would note.
The first is on a linked-quarter basis this is the first quarter in some time where we actually saw ending card balances within our domestic card balance increase. Those were up, as we mentioned, roughly $1.3 billion from the first quarter to the second quarter. So we saw growth there.
Then if you move to what we saw within the Wealth Management area, as I mentioned we saw very strong growth both in securities-based landing as well as within mortgage originations there. Once again, on the home equity front the progress that we're making on the origination front, where we saw about $2.6 billion, is really being masked by the runoff and the amortization of the home equity book that we had; that runs off to the extent of $3 billion to $4 billion a quarter.
So within the Consumer businesses, if you look at the core front-end, we are seeing some consumer loan growth. It just gets masked by the runoff of some of the Consumer Real Estate.
On the overall Commercial and Corporate side, I did reference the couple payoffs. As we look at -- one of the benchmarks that we look at is the revolver draws that we have within our Commercial Banking business. That number, which has gotten as low as in the low 30%s was up almost 100 basis points this quarter and is now in the high 30%s. So we are starting to see some greater activity on the revolver space within our Commercial Banking customers.
And overall activity with the corporate customers continues to be good, but we are seeing, as I referenced, customers taking advantage of favorable debt capital markets, which we obviously benefit from, from a debt underwriting perspective.

Answer_7:

    We did not. At the parent at this point we are above 100%, at the parent. So we're good from a 2017 compliance there.
If we look at the combined BANA/FIA LCR ratio, those two companies or two banks will be put together October 1. That LCR number is in the high 80%s at this point and we'll continue to build the LCR ratio at the banks to be at least a year ahead of where we need to be.

Answer_8:

    It should not. As we look at it, there has been a significant build at this point. And as we look at the funding and the balance of that between both core consumer deposit growth as well as where we are, that should not have an effect.
If you look at the build that we talked about in the first quarter and second quarter, at this point I would say we have eaten that expense. And we now need to get after it and optimize it to get the expense knocked back down.

Answer_9:

    I think in the near-term, Matt, the number-one thing about costs is continuing to work down the LAS legacy costs, down to a more normalized level on a per-loan basis and also keep reducing the number of delinquent loans. So that's the real expense leverage.
And what Bruce talked about earlier is we've got to make sure we do it the right way, and especially in connection with finishing up some of the regulatory work there. So that is the real large dollar amount.
You're pointing out exactly the situation on the core. You're running about $13 billion a quarter on core expenses; not a bad number if you annualize it and think that through. But the real question is: How do you hold it there and keep investing in the businesses?
So when we started the New BAC, we never gave a target that said we're going to save all this money but we're going to reinvest it. We gave you sort of a net target, and now we're reaching that.
So what we're challenging our teams to do is how to maintain a good operating leverage going forward. So we're more about simplifying the Company and continuing to take out expenses; but a lot of that will offset the thousand people we have added in the branches to sell more products that you're seeing the benefits of, the continued adds we make in the Wealth Management business and the training programs. We hired 30% to 40% more people out of schools this year because we got to keep replenishing our talent base, commercial bankers, etc.
So as you look forward, the inflationary type things that go on, merit raises and healthcare expenses, and stuff like that, and investing in the business, including the $3-billion-plus we put in technology development every year, will need to be offset by hard expense work. So that's the plan we have, and we're putting those -- we keep driving those plans in place.
But it would be less bottom-line reduction on that core expense base and more how you hold it there in a relatively slow growth environment.

Answer_10:

    Yes, with one exception. When markets kicks up you are going to have more comp related to that, or Wealth Management comp, which is good. So you've got to be careful, because those things come and go, and you can see that just in the last couple quarters.
But on the -- like, if you think about what David Darnell and the team have done in the retail business, they are still rationalizing the branch structure, which will offset putting more people in the branches that are more personal bankers and FSAs. And they have done a pretty good job at offsetting that.
In addition, we are repatriating some jobs to help on the consumer credit, customer delight scores and stuff, from places that legacy enterprises had them in other places, and bringing them in. And that rationalization is going on, and that is adding to our job count in the near term but will rationalize back out.

Answer_11:

    Yes. And obviously that is going to trail and move with it as we drive down the 60-plus-day delinquent loans. But clearly the $1.1 billion that we'll either have in the fourth quarter or the first quarter of next year is still way too high given the number of 60-plus-day delinquent loans that we have, as well as the size of the servicing portfolio.

Answer_12:

    Sure. We recently -- we submitted our materials to the Fed on May 27. They have up to 75 days to respond. I believe the 75th day is August 10, and we continue to see where they come out.

Answer_13:

    Yes, I would say, Glenn, probably more than anything, if you go back and look at both the notional size of the balance sheet as well as the match book, we were probably a little bit lower at the end of the first quarter of 2014 than you would normally see. So that number will bounce around, but I wouldn't read anything into the fact that it was up, because it was much lower at both the end of 2013 as well as the first quarter of 2014.

Answer_14:

    I think the pricing is probably more theoretical. Because I think if you look across the industry, we continue to see both the banks in Europe as well as the banks in Asia provide it. So I'm not sure you are seeing any meaningful movement in what you are able to charge from a match book perspective.

Answer_15:

    Sure. Well, you've got a couple things. The first is, as you look at the expense growth during the quarter and you look at the buckets, roughly half of it relates to incentive-related comp that is a result of increased revenues.
We do have a couple of initiatives that you would expect to roll off over the next couple quarters within the Wealth Management business. We obviously had the rollout of Merrill One over the last couple quarters, where you saw some expense there.
There has been some additional money spent as we invest in systems related to retirement systems and retirement programs, as we continue to see growth there. So you do have some of that activity as well as just making sure that the right investments within the various control and support functions are appropriate.
So at the same time, as we look forward you need to see positive operating leverage, not negative operating leverage. And that's what we will look to work for as we go through the next couple quarters of the year.

Answer_16:

    You point out, it's an obvious point and we -- the team is focused on it. But we have made some near-term investments, including training programs and hiring people into the business, working in the branches and stuff, to help.
But it is something that we've got to monitor closely, and we think it will come back down and more in line with what you'd expect.

Answer_17:

    Sure. I think the notable thing that I would call out is that when we get private-label claims that come in, there are two different types of claims that come in. There is the first that are claims where people have had the ability to look at loan files and submit a claim based on a loan file not being what they thought it could be. And the second is that you can have people that at points in time do what we call -- or throw in what we would characterize as a bulk claim, where they're just throwing it in without having done any work whatsoever on the loan file.
And what's important when you look at what we saw during the second quarter of 2014, we saw roughly $1.9 billion of original unpaid balance on the loans not lost, growth of that amount. The amount of bulk claims where no file reviews had been down was $1.9 billion. So I would not read too much into that number, because it's not for loan files where there has been any work done.
And I would just say generally, if you look at what we have seen regarding some of the recent decisions where there seems to be some stickiness at this point on different statutes of limitation, as well as a recent ruling that came out of California with respect to RMBS litigation, that we do feel like we're moving forward. And getting AIG behind us is significant in regards to putting the rest of this behind us.

Answer_18:

    Sure. As we've said, given where we are from a disallowed DTA position, that we're at a point where broadly speaking we accrete capital on a pretax as opposed to an after-tax basis. So as you look at the results, we had roughly $3 billion of pretax income; we had roughly $3.5 billion of pretax OCI. That gets you to about $6.5 billion.
And then as you look at threshold deductions of roughly 10%, take 10% of that $6.5 billion; it gets you roughly $700 million. That gets you to roughly $7.2 billion of capital build.
You back out the common dividends of $100 million, and that get you to your $7.1 billion build.

Answer_19:

    Clearly at least over the next, I would say, probably two to four quarters, it will be a function of the exact earnings. But for the near term, that's correct.

Answer_20:

    Yes. I believe that the excluded DTA was roughly $15 billion. And it was down a little over $1 billion.

Answer_21:

    Yes, we're mindful of the fact of settlements. There's obviously a lot of discussion and dialog around op risk RWA.
If you look at -- and when we noted that the reason risk-weighted assets went up during the quarter under the Advanced Approach it was for doing exactly what you referenced, was reflecting an increased amount of operational risk RWA.
We don't give the exact number, but you should assume that that amount is in the 26% to 27% of our total risk-weighted assets number and is in line with our largest peer.

Answer_22:

    Sure. Well, the first, John, is just to manage the notional size of the balance sheet, which we continue to do. The second thing that I would note is, when you look at the sale of the re-performing loans that we did, those are the types of assets that in the CCAR -- at least we believe; we don't have access to the Federal Reserve's models -- but those are the types of assets that tend to get hard.
So we continue to look hard and look to drive down the nonperforming Consumer Real Estate piece of what we have. And this quarter was a good example of it.
Then, you're exactly right with respect to the leverage ratio, that there is a benefit that preferred stock gives. We are north of $4 billion this quarter that we generated. We will continue to look to see if more preferred makes sense.
And then lastly, we will continue to look at and see if sub-debt makes sense from a total capital perspective as well. The incremental cost of those is very low, and we just want to make sure the balance sheet is optimized for those different buckets.

Answer_23:

    Yes, our activity levels -- and if you saw a P&L throughout the quarter, while June was marginally better, I would characterize the activity that we saw within the sales and trading business during the second quarter to be fairly consistent. And as we look out at the third quarter, typically with the summer the third quarter is a little bit seasonally slower than the second quarter. If you look at our results last year, you see that.
And as we come into the third quarter, there is nothing unusual in our third-quarter numbers of last year. And how we compare to those numbers is going to be a function of how well we perform this quarter, and that's obviously up to us.

Answer_24:

    John, if you look at page 19, you can see the second quarter, second quarter, second quarter across the last 3 years. And it's remarkably stable in terms of markets revenue, on the lower part of that page.
So what Tom and the team did a few years ago was actually reduce the headcount almost 5,000 people and that's allowed us to make $1 billion in this kind of environment, as we did this quarter. So this will ebb and flow; and as you and I have talked about on various occasions, it is a core part of what we do.
But we show you the separate P&L to show that in the first quarter, have a good quarter; this quarter had $1 billion. And it may come down. Activity moves around for clients, but it is a relatively stable revenue base that we can make money on because of the expense adjustments we made last year -- in the last several years.

Answer_25:

    Yes, there's -- we've got one more sale that we will look to wrap up this quarter that's got fairly high content of 60-plus-day delinquent loans. But beyond that one transfer this quarter, we are largely at the end of servicing sales.
And we're at a base of what you see should be what we have going forward, with the pluses and minuses being what runs off versus what we put on.

Answer_26:

    As you look at it, I think rep and warrant was less than $100 million this quarter. You're going to always have that as you go forward; but we're not seeing much rep and warrant at all on recent originations. It's going to be more legacy related.

Answer_27:

    From a number of units perspective, as you look at the bulk sale there was a piece of it that we serviced, and there was also a piece that others serviced. So in the context of the number of 60-plus-day delinquent loans, it was not meaningful relative to the total.

Answer_28:

    That's correct.

Answer_29:

    A couple things. We don't give the exact numbers; but if you go back, Guy, and look at the first quarter, we look at and try to understand what the tax treatment is for the different settlements. There was a piece of it in the first quarter that we would have assumed was not tax-deductible.
And, you're right, the piece that -- in the reserve that we took this quarter there was a presumption that it was tax-deductible. And the short answer is, until you get to the end, you don't know the exact mix.
But -- so we have tried to be thoughtful with that and just say, as it relates to the total number, as we said last quarter there was -- I think it was $2.4 billion of litigation expense over and above what was for settlements. In this quarter, you've got in the high $3 billions. And I think it gives you a sense as to the magnitude of the reserves that have been built over the last two quarters.

Answer_30:

    Sure. If you look at -- and embedded under the Global Banking segment we've got the loans that are down within our Corporate Investment Bank that tend to be for the larger companies. And as we looked at spreads and yields on a linked-quarter basis within our business we saw relative stability in the yields in those businesses.
And, as we look out at -- in the marketplace, given that those loans that are brought for those customers tend to be broadly syndicated, and there tends to be a relationship in the yield between that and where they can access capital in the capital market, that loan pricing over the last quarter has hung in there and, like I said, was generally flat Q1 to Q2.
I would say where you tend to see a little bit more of the competitive pressure tends to be within the base commercial bank, which is core middle-market companies, where they tend to be more one-, two-, or three-bank deals. And we have seen that area continues to be pretty competitive and we are just being disciplined with how we approach that market.
Given the footprint that we have, we do have the flexibility to not chase things within some of these regional markets.

Answer_31:

    No, I would -- for the core commercial customer, that's going to be the traditional banking customer as you'd think of it.

Answer_32:

    Yes; that's correct. So we had a position that went public during the quarter. There was a gain, and it's reflected in the revenues of the Global Markets segment. But we did not think it was appropriate to include that in the core FICC and equity sales and trading.
So if you go to the table on page 13, when you look at that FICC and equity sales and trading number, ex-DVA, that does not include any benefit from the gain that we saw within the overall segment during the quarter.

Answer_33:

    Sure.

Answer_34:

    Well, if you start from a home equity perspective, I think the repayment and run off of those is a good thing and not a bad thing. So you will continue to see, I would expect, over the next couple years that the amortization of those is going to be greater than the new loans coming on the book.
We would not expect, though, as you look at net interest income, given the yields on those versus what you can do with other things, that the runoff of that book will have a negative impact from an overall net interest income perspective.
As it relates to the whole loans piece that we have, I would expect that over time that will continue to run down. We continue to look, as we've talked about before on the Home Loans business, to put and to originate mortgages for customers where we want to hold those loans.
During the quarter we put about $6 billion of home loans that were originated for our customers on our balance sheet. Roughly 75% to 80% of those would have been of the jumbo variety.
But I think to be realistic, over the next probably couple years you're likely to see a little bit more runoff of that than you will see new loans coming on. We obviously have the decision at that point of: Do you want to reinvest those proceeds in other whole loans that you can buy out in the market, or invest those in securities?
And I would say at this point, with LCR as well as what we're focused on from a customer perspective, they're much more likely to be invested in securities than new whole loans that are not for our customers.

Answer_35:

    Yes, a couple things. The range of possible loss that you quoted, of being flat from the first quarter to the second quarter, relates to our representation and warranty reserve, not our litigation RPL. So you're correct that the rep and warrant piece was flat quarter-over-quarter.
We do not update and provide our range of possible loss on litigation expense until we file the 10-Q.
As it relates to overall litigation reserves, we do not put out an exact -- or a level of our litigation reserve. What I do think is notable and probably most relevant is the information that I gave you as it relates to the litigation reserve that has been built over the last two quarters that relates to legacy mortgage-related matters. And I think you can see and people are aware of what the most significant of those matters are.
And obviously each quarter, as it relates to the reserving, we go through each quarter and assess where we are and what we think is appropriate from a reserving perspective. And we did that again in this quarter, just like we do in any quarter.

Answer_36:

    Yes, the first goal is obviously, as we've talked about, is to find and invest in loans that are for our core customers across the platform. And that is priority one.
To the extent that there is residual or excess, which there has been given the deposit growth that we've seen, the money does get invested. And it's been invested primarily in the most recent several quarters in securities.
I mentioned OCI risk. The notable thing is if you look at the OCI risk that we have as a Company, even though the securities book has increased significantly over the course of the last 12 months, the overall level of OCI risk based on the different metrics that we look at has not changed. And that is a result of us shortening the portfolio, investing it in shorter-duration Treasury securities.

Answer_37:

    Yes, I think as it relates to the risk-weighted assets, you need to bifurcate risk-weighted assets under Basel 3 Standardized versus those under Basel 3 Advanced. As you look at the Basel 3 Standardized ratios, the benefits that we have there tend to come from the roll-off of the different consumer loan portfolios, both in first mortgage as well as in home equity.
And we would expect, as we've talked about throughout the call, that you will continue to see a runoff there. And given that a lot of the stuff that's running off is higher loan-to-value than the new stuff that's coming on, that there is incremental benefit there.
So if you look at over the last five quarters, I think in the way that the Standardized metric is set up, the Standardized metric is going to tend to mirror the overall loan growth that you have. I would just say, as I mentioned, going forward on average it will probably be a little bit lower mix coming on than what rolls off.
On the Advanced approach, at this point as we look forward there will continue to be opportunities on stuff that is Advanced but tends to be heavier risk-weighted that rolls off between now and 2017. It's not going to be anywhere near as material as what we've seen. And under the Advanced approach, the recent increases you've seen have largely been attributable to operational risk as opposed to what we're seeing within the core loan categories.

Answer_38:

    I think you've got -- one of the levers in the business that people often overlook is the lever towards rising rates. Because in the business itself the amount of total deposits and loans are significant, $250-billion-odd of deposits and significant loans. I think we said on the last call and have said many times, we can see this margin moving towards 30% in that dynamic, in that yield, in that environment.
But I think when you get to there, you start to top out a little bit, if you just understand the broad base of the revenue and the amount that goes through the grid and things like that, that become a governor on what you can do beyond that.
But the mix of our business of wealth management with the private banking business and the loans and deposits from the general client base and what we see [in Europe], that gives us leverage to the upside as you describe.

Answer_39:

    I think if you look at the charge-offs, the key is that -- when you really think about the broad constitution of $1.3 billion, if you remove the recoveries, but some range -- you've got to look at the card business. And what changed since that time is we have changed our position in the card business fairly dramatically with the sale of some international portfolios and even how we have approached the US just based on the dynamics of the card business.
The good news is the card business is starting to grow in terms of balances. And going back to an earlier question, we got rid of the non-core aspects and now you're seeing the core start to come through. 1.1 million new cards; people are using the card more; and the balance is growing.
So I think that if you just think about that, that number is going to be -- is today and will be the dominant part of the charge-off question. And you should think that that $90 billion, $100-billion-ish in balances as you look forward you would expect that to grow, but not to change itself dramatically -- not for us to change it dramatically in terms of position on our balance sheet, because we need to keep that book balanced. Because it has higher charge-offs in a period of unemployment levels.
So I would say if you went back and looked at that, and that is the biggest core adjustment between the two items. And then -- but the core -- the counter to that is if you look at the appendix pages and see the charge-offs on the mortgage business, in the first mortgage business you had recoveries. But if you look at the home equity side you still have a charge-off rate which, based on the underwriting criteria, the stuff going on would be much higher.
So we had a couple hundred million dollars in quarterly charge-offs that you can see on page 21. So we would expect to see improvement in that from where we are.
But I would say the card business is about as good as -- is getting very strong. You ought to see a little bit of help in home equities. You're going to have a reversal from the recoveries on the first mortgage loans, but it is a fundamentally different level because we've mixed the balance sheet differently on purpose.

Answer_40:

    Sure. The first thing -- I want to be clear, Paul -- that getting to the $1.1 billion is moved back -- may be moved back one quarter, not two.

Answer_41:

    So we're looking at one quarter. The second, though, the biggest item that really relates to the trajectory of LAS expenses is your number of 60-plus-day delinquent loans. Because the cost to service that is many multiples what the cost of servicing a current loan is.
So as you go forward, we have full implementation of the national mortgage settlement effective September 30. That will be a big benchmark.
Then as you go beyond then, on a, as we've always said, a one- to two-quarter lag, you will see expenses trend down as your number of 60-plus-day delinquent loans trend down. And as those trend down you need less people as well as a variety of other expenses. So that is the key metric to watch.
And as it relates to just how long that's going to continue, I would not expect that we get down to the level of what should be a recurring number of 60-plus-day delinquents until probably the end of 2015 or the first part of 2016. So as it relates to continued expense leverage, we would expect to see upside in that business probably all the way through the end of 2016 as it relates to driving expense down.

Answer_42:

    Paul, we've got work to do, in a sense. If you go back, I think, and if you looked at the fourth quarter of 2012, it was about $3.1 billion; the fourth quarter of 2013 I think it was $2.1 billion, Bruce; and then originally we said higher, then we brought it down to $1.1 billion, and now think that it's somewhere a little higher than that.
But that's the broad move, and the question is: How do you keep going on that? And that is really going to be, as Bruce said, the number of 60-plus delinquent loans, which allows you to release people.
But we are also getting a condition that we have now got the place stabilized enough behind us that we can start to invest in technology, what will add a level of improvement that we haven't been able to invest in, where we just had to get the work done.
So we expect there is systems deployment in that business as we move into the middle of 2015, into 2016, and we expect consolidations of physical plants and things like that, which will add to the expense leverage, but we haven't been able to do that as much yet just because of just the massive amount of work that had to take place.
So there is still a lot of work ahead of the team, but if you put it in a context of $2-billion-ish per quarter and expense reduction across eight quarters, a lot of work has been done, too.

Answer_43:

    The MSR sale that I referenced that will happen in the second half of the year, in the context of what we've done is relatively small. It's just that the delinquency content associated with that sale is high, so it's material from that perspective. But from an overall size perspective it's not material.

Answer_44:

    As you look at those gains, we are committed to not -- as we continue to see liquidity build, not taking incremental OCI risk, as I referenced. So over the last year, even as the securities portfolio has grown, we have managed to keep the OCI risk from an absolute dollar perspective relatively flat.
As you see markets move up and down, obviously selling longer-duration securities as you have growth in the securities portfolio is part of that strategy.

Answer_45:

    Yes. You are exactly correct.

Answer_46:

    Yes. We should be able to penetrate them with more lending. So that's -- if you look on page 17 it is -- or 18, excuse me -- you can see the growth in card originations, the growth in home equity originations, which go on the balance sheet, that -- as Bruce talked about early, we're putting about half, broadly stated, of the originations and mortgages are going on the balance sheet.
In the Business Banking segment, which is a small part of our Commercial Banking segment geared to the $50 million and under revenue companies, we're actually starting to see net loan growth the first time in a lot of times, as we ran off some non-core portfolios.
So that's the core opportunity in the franchise, is to continue to originate credit to the core customer base. There's lots of opportunity there, but you can see us making progress against it each quarter.
I think on a broader context you've got to think about these businesses and how they mix together. So in every company's retail business it's an excess deposit generator, just by the very nature of it. And not only is it fund the loans of the consumer customers, but also provides the funding for the rest of the franchise.
So I think you have to keep that broader context. And that is why we invest -- going to your first question -- in mortgages in securities to, for lack of a better term, get the value out of those deposits for the shareholder.

Answer_47:

    The other point that I just want to mention is that historically, if you look at the front-end lending in Consumer Real Estate that we've done, from a segment perspective that Consumer Real Estate lending on a first mortgage basis, it shows up in the balance sheet in All Other. So you can't assume that those deposits that you see within page 9 -- a lot of the loans that they do for our customers are reflected in the All Other segment.

Answer_48:

    A couple things. The first is within Consumer Real Estate Services, if we look at the Home Loans business on the front end, we talked about how we saw during the quarter that we increased both front-end originations as well as took down expense. So Q1 to Q2 we saw about a $100 million improvement on the front end of the business that's reflected in Consumer Real Estate Services.
And as it relates to the $700 million number that you quoted, we obviously relative to the guidance have $300 million of expense to get out of that business over the next 90 days. And then as we have talked about earlier on the call, we've got work to do to continue to drive that down significantly in both 2015 and the first part of 2016. And that is clearly one of the highest priorities we have within the Company.

Answer_49:

    I think your point -- the value and the fact that on a basis point basis it came down was reflective of the lower rates that we saw at the end of the second quarter relative to the end of the first quarter. And you're right; at a point in time when rates start to move out, you would expect that MSR to extend and for there to be value there.
But we do not -- I want to emphasize, we look to manage the MSR risk as part of the overall strategy and are managing that to have it be a flat book.

Answer_50:

    At the end of the day, it comes down to what the customer does. You're exactly right.

Answer_51:

    We do not quote, Mike, the actual deposit beta. We obviously go back and look at historical data. Our assumption is, as it relates to pass-through rates, as far as how much of the first 100 basis points that has to get passed along, we're in the 40% area, with respect to that.

Answer_52:

    Correct.

Answer_53:

    You're exactly correct. If we go back and look at what it's been throughout time, at points where arguably we don't have the competitive position now, we look at a lot of historical data to come up with that number.

Answer_54:

    We've been growing underlying activity, if you look at some of the statistics in the back [thing throughout], Mike. But you're right; if you go back a couple years ago, we started New BAC. We were running $15-and-odd-billion in core expenses; now we're running $13-odd-billion, and so we're largely getting there.
The question then is: Now, how do you hold it there in an economic environment which is lower growth than traditionally expected in the United States? And that is going to take constant vigilance on our part.
But during that whole time period we have invested literally thousands and thousands of people into the sales side and stuff to drive that growth. And we will continue to do that. The question is: How do you balance that investment rating?

Answer_55:

    And I just, Mike, before -- I just want -- achieving the balance of the $2 billion in quarterly New BAC savings in the fourth quarter is not dependent on future branch sales. So I just want to make sure that that there is not an assumed linkage there.

Answer_56:

    It's not a big project. I mean this is done by the people running the businesses. It's just committed plans that we did.
This wasn't -- it's not a huge project group that actually accomplishes it. It's done by whoever runs each business, each function.

Answer_57:

    Our sense is, from what we saw during the quarter, it was more a one-off event. They were a couple loans that were for acquisition-related purposes, that people then went out and refinanced. So it was just a little bit of an anomaly that we saw in the second quarter.
And if you look at just the attractiveness that the capital markets have been, you would expect that to largely be over. But every now and then, when you deal with large, multinational companies where some of the loan holds are a little bit higher, you can have those one-time events where that happens.
And we had a little bit of that in the second quarter. It's not something we would expect to recur.

Answer_58:

    Sure.

Answer_59:

    Bruce gave it to you earlier, but I'll have him do it again.

Answer_60:

    Sure. The middle-market utilization rate was 37%-plus at the end of the first quarter and was up about almost 1% to be mid-38%. Which I don't think in and of itself is not material, but it does seem that people are a little bit more willing to access their revolving credits.
At the same time, practically speaking you're not going to tend to see loan growth that is dramatically higher than the rate at which the overall economy is growing. So clearly, as Brian alluded to in his opening comments, we did see added an economy that improved in the second quarter relative to the first quarter. And on the Commercial side, our loan growth is going to tend to mirror or be a little bit above what we see in the macro-economy.

Answer_61:

    We have seen -- we are seeing signs of improvement. I'm not sure I'd go as far as saying it's an inflection point.

Answer_62:

    We've been pretty consistent if we go back, I believe, Mike, to the third- or fourth-quarter earnings call, that as we look out to and as we look at and embedded in our models a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve, that we're looking at that point with a tangible common equity ratio of 7%, a return on asset of 1%, to be at a 14% return on tangible common equity.
As you get into the -- and you don't see that rate environment until 2016. And if you look at those metrics and back out what we have said 100 basis points is worth to us on a parallel shift, you get a sense for what we need to get to, ex- the 100 basis point move.

Answer_63:

    It's going to be roughly $3.3 billion or $3.4 billion pretax.
And at $0.63, it's $2 billion less, which on roughly $140 billion of tangible common equity is going to be about 20 basis points less on assets at that point.

Answer_64:

    As you said, Mike, I think we can't discuss that. You'd get a rendition of all the different criteria that people have written about.
But I think that this quarter we were able to put away the AIG case, which if you remember back in 2011 a lot of people said was worth a lot more money for $650 million. So we will continue to figure out what we can get put behind us at reasonable cost to our shareholders. We just can't talk about details that much.

Answer_65:

    There are several other objectors that have not been as vocal. And as I said, we will have to see where it goes with them dropping out.

Answer_66:

    That's correct.

Answer_67:

    It's part of the settlement agreement.

Answer_68:

    Great. Super. Well, I think we're through all the questions, so thanks a lot for joining us and we will look forward to talking next quarter.

Answer_69:

    Thank you.

