Question_1:

    Hi, good morning guys. I wanted to ask about expenses.
Could you talk about what kind of timing expectations you have on the various projects helping to drive down your expenses further in 2017 and 2018? Maybe just remind us what are some of the big items that you are working on? And should we still think about $53 billion in 2018 as your hard target that you are shooting for?

Question_2:

    In terms of the timing, Paul, is it something that we should think of is ramping throughout 2017? And is it have a longer tail at the end? Can you give us a sense there?

Question_3:

    Okay, thanks. And then a second question just quickly on net interest income.
Can you help us try to translate your 100 basis point rate sensitivity into something closer to what one Fed hike might do for your net interest income? And what would be the trajectory of NII and NIM if we did get a Fed hike this quarter? What would you expect more in the near term next quarter, too, on NII and NIM?

Question_4:

    Great, thanks.

Question_5:

    Hi, thanks very much. Just curious for a point of clarification, Brian had mentioned Global Markets. It feels like it's taking a little share, alluded to global peers restructuring.
Completely get it, believe it's going to happen. Just curious if you can give a little color on where you might see some of that evidence taking shape. Product, geography, whatever?

Question_6:

    Fair enough. Nature of the business, I guess. One other, one in GWIM I appreciate all the color on the different products and what you are doing in Wealth Management.
The curious move in the quarter was the move away from the commission-based IRAs. And I'm curious, is that move specifically done to avoid the best interest contract?
I'm just curious, based on how we roll forward if the SEC comes in what that might mean. You talked about giving customer choice, but this sounds like less choice for the FA.

Question_7:

    I don't doubt that. I worry about just the execution of it. I'm assuming that it means that the advisor has to talk to the client and explain this whole thing and just --

Question_8:

    Fair enough. All right, thanks, Paul.

Question_9:

    Hey, good morning. A couple of questions. Just one on loan growth.
Could you give us a sense as to how you think you are trajecting there? We talked a little bit about market share and trading, could we talk a little bit about how you think you are doing in the lending side of the equation and if there's any legs there?

Question_10:

    So one of the areas that I just want to dig in a little bit more to is on the mortgage side where you have had some good loan growth. But I'm just wondering if there's more opportunity there as it relates to either taking some duration exposures or on credit as you've moved into some wider credit boxes with my first home which is insured by Fannie, Freddie but just want to get some color on that.

Question_11:

    Okay, so as you are thinking about your revenue growth from here, which are the three key legs that you expect are going to keep that revenue growth going?

Question_12:

    And then on the expense side you indicated all the various technology efforts that you've got underway but is there more that you can do on the comp side as well?

Question_13:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_14:

    Hey, good morning. Maybe you could talk a little bit about the credit cycle.
I think one of the major pushback from investors is that we are going to start to see credit get worse but I think you guys have been pretty clear that you are not lowering standards to drive growth. So how do you think about the cycle from here, I guess that's the start?

Question_15:

    So you feel like you can keep your lease ratios as you grow pretty stable?

Question_16:

    Okay. And maybe a follow-up on the capital ratios. Paul, I saw that the RWAs dropped while the balance sheet grew a little bit, so it seems like you've reduced risk. I guess where was that and can that continue?

Question_17:

    Is there any more detail or can you get a little more from here?

Question_18:

    Okay, great. Thanks.

Question_19:

    Good morning. Can you talk about the strategy within the securities book?
You did mention that you added some later in the quarter and, obviously, deposit growth has been exceeding loan growth to justify that. But maybe just some color in terms of what you are buying, the duration and how to make sure it doesn't get too big relative to the size of the balance sheet.

Question_20:

    Okay. And then a little bit related but on the deposit side, obviously, very strong growth year over year. You mentioned $60 billion and really little to no repricing despite the one bump in Fed rates that should impact the year-over-year comps.
So I guess the question is if we do get a rate increase, do you think you've got more flexibility to limit deposit repricing given it's basically worked so far and the loan growth is, obviously, not enough to absorb the deposit growth you have?

Question_21:

    Okay, thank you very much.

Question_22:

    Thanks, good morning. I want to ask about the card business a little bit. I saw in the deck that you grew card issuance at the fastest level since 2008, but we are not really -- and there is a burden on the fee side, with reward stuff, balances are still flat.
I was wondering if you could walk us forward and help us understand a little bit better just the ROA and income direction of the card business? When do we start to see that show up in both balances? And when do expect to see that fee growth come along for the ride given the good underlying growth that we haven't quite seen yet in the financials?

Question_23:

    Understood. Second quick question is you mentioned that you are now achieving the cost of capital in an ROE above 10% and capital is still building.
Do you think you can continue to hold if not improve the ROE as capital will likely continue to grow, presuming that you still will get those benefits going forward and you are not at the point of returning more than 100% of your earnings yet?

Question_24:

    Understood. Thanks, guys.

Question_25:

    Hi, you've reduced your branch count from 6,000 to 4,600. Where do you think that count can go? And on the one hand we heard you say almost 1 million customers walk into branches each day but on the other hand you have grown deposits $1.2 trillion.
You did mention more self-service digital channels. You did mention mobile banking is 18% of the deposit transactions. And less reliance on the branches might ease any extra pressure to sell more products in this low rate environment.
So where do you think you might take the branch count to? And I don't think you mentioned the impact of the cross-selling issues on Bank of America or if we wake up one day and find out that Bank of America did something inappropriate.

Question_26:

    I mean just as a follow-up, on slide 14 it's kind of thing Bank of America we're a FinTech Company, and look how well we are doing. And you are showing some good growth rates, that chart on the upper right.
So at what point does that lead to a greater number of branch reductions? Is this do you have the answer and you don't want to say for competitive reasons? Or you don't know yet, it's kind of a give-and-take based on the customer experience?
Some of your competitors talk about closing 100 to 200 branches per year. You've reduced 112 over the last year but it seems to be slowing. So I'm trying to get a sense of that.

Question_27:

    All right, thank you.

Question_28:

    Yes, thank you very much. You guys took an MSR write-up or hedging benefit, I can't really which one it is, about $360 million. But you did write up the MSR from 51 basis points to 60 basis points.
Was that all rate driven? The 10-year did go up a little bit. Or was that also some better credit metrics out of the servicing portfolio?

Question_29:

    Okay, guys. Thank you very much.

Question_30:

    Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on a couple of questions related to the various consumer lending businesses.
First, Paul, just from your response to Ken's question a moment ago on card, I heard everything you said about the risk-adjusted margin and the credit quality of the portfolio, etc. But just to be clear, are you expecting improving, stable or deteriorating ROA based on the current competitive environment? Because it seems like many peers are underscoring the near-term risks to profitability from rewards and customer acquisition costs.

Question_31:

    Stability, okay great. And with respect to mortgage I saw there was about $100 million benefit from rep and warrant release. How much of that research still exists and what would be your expectations about potentially realizing it at this stage given where we are with respect to that issue?

Question_32:

    Yes, correct. It's the provision line item. You had a negative provision.

Question_33:

    Okay, maybe I will come back to you in a bit. Just finally on auto, it seemed that some peers were signaling that competitive conditions in auto underwriting were easing a bit after intensifying over the past several quarters. Are you seeing anything like that across any particular segment of the FICO strata?

Question_34:

    Thanks very much.

Question_35:

    Hi, good morning. So I want to kick things off with a follow-up to an earlier question on the DOL.
Paul, you had noted that Merrill FAs will no longer be permitted to engage in brokerage activities in retirement accounts. And I was hoping you can give us an update as to what portion of Merrill client assets are currently in brokerage IRA?
And maybe more specifically, how should we think about the net economic impact from transitioning some of those retirement assets into some of the other offerings that you highlighted, whether it be fee-based which should generate higher fees versus robo or self-directed Merrill Edge?

Question_36:

    Got it. Okay. And just one other quick follow-up on the same topic, the press article have highlighted some of the changes that you've made indicated that some clients that would transition to the, quote, higher touch advisory offerings will be rebated some incremental fees.
And I was wondering how are you planning to apply changes to the fee structure for those brokerage assets that do, in fact, transition? I'm just struggling to see how a two-tiered structure might work in practice across the hundreds of billions of assets that would be affected here?

Question_37:

    Got it. Okay, thanks Brian. Then just one more on the topic of capital, just switching gears for a moment.
Following Tarullo's recent remarks, there's one area of debate has been whether the Collins Floor would, in fact, apply to this new capital framework, i.e. whether you will be forced to manage to capital minimums under both the standardized and advanced approaches. And now that you've had some time to digest the initial release or guidance I was wondering if you can give us any insights into how you are thinking about that potential change?

Question_38:

    Got it. I recognize it's early days, Paul, so I appreciate you taking, making the effort to answer the question. And that's it for me.

Question_39:

    Good morning. I guess we've had a couple of good quarters in FICC both for you and the industry and I know volatile business not really looking for quarterly expectations.
But just more broadly there is an investor debate, is it just a couple of good quarters or has the business absorbed all the changes in regulation, absorbed low rates, absorbed all the restructuring required and the cycles inflecting FICCs at the bottom and has upward pressure from here? So where do you come in on the debate? Is it a couple of good quarters at this point or has FICC bottomed?

Question_40:

    Thank you for that. I guess a similar question on commercial lending.
You referenced some of the strategies you have in place driving responsible growth and how you felt good about the business going forward. But we saw this pause across the industry in the third quarter in commercial growth, the Fed numbers, your numbers, other banks reporting so far. Have you seen signs of customer demands coming back, I guess, late in 3Q and early in 4Q, do you have visibility and confidence that the commercial loan growth cycle more broadly is still in gear?

Question_41:

    Thank you both.

Question_42:

    Good morning guys. We are all, of course, very attuned to the issue of fraud after the recent news at Wells Fargo, both on the customer side and on the employee side.
I guess my question to you would be as you move more to digital methods of attracting customers and keeping customers, etc., is fraud on either side becoming a bigger issue? Or if you could just speak to the whole issue of how you prevent fraud as you become a more electronic bank.

Question_43:

    Well how about on the other side, the employee side, opening false accounts. If you could just speak to how you think your methodology is different from what produced the problems at Wells Fargo.

Question_44:

    And Brian, I have what is going to be a difficult question for you. But in response to the problems at Wells Fargo we have seen them separate the chairman and the CEO roles. And while that may have been due to exigent circumstances, do you foresee another push now either by regulators or by shareholders to separate those roles?

Question_45:

    All right. Thank you.

Question_46:

    Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the fiduciary rule questions before. So I appreciate retirement assets are less than 10% of your balances as you've highlighted before.
But I think what a lot of folks are thinking about here is that SEC has been pretty clear that they are working on their own version of this applying to taxable. And so when people watch what you are doing here on the fiduciary rule for retirement people it's sort logic to assume you would apply the same policy in the event we see a similar rule come out more broadly.
So isn't that the message that you are basically sending to FAs? And aren't you concerned that FAs might look at your platform versus some of your competitors that will offer the BIC and think that they might have greater amount of flexibility as some of those other platforms?

Question_47:

    Sure, sure. I get it and there's no question that commissions have been declining.
It is just that when you look at some of the asset classes like alternatives and such it's hard to get everything to fit into a fee-based approach. So that was the gist of my question. Maybe going a different direction --

Question_48:

    Right. But if we take the logical conclusion that your approach here with retirement would be similar to taxable under the assumption and, look, all of this, I am making assumptions with all of this, but we all have to, that the SEC comes out with a similar rule, then your option within to maintain brokerage is self-direct. And I could see how FAs might dislike the idea of having a component of their relationship move effectively away from them.
So what has been the response from FAs of this idea that if we want to maintain brokerage it has to go the self-directed route? And has that tapped in on any of the worries that some of these brokers have seen much of their book shift over to discount brokers that would fit in that type of an approach?

Question_49:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_50:

    Thanks for taking my question. Perhaps a bigger picture question. On your media call you were, I guess, asked a question on Brexit, and it sounds like you do have plans in place for that which certainly makes sense.
I guess given relative to your $53 billion cost target for 2018 and the fact that the negotiations seem to be starting to gear up early next year, how are you thinking about the costs in the Global Markets and Global Banking businesses from Brexit if it ends up being a harder Brexit than a softer Brexit?

Question_51:

    Okay. And then just a quick administrative question.
You mentioned on slide 9 that the nonperforming loans in the commercial portfolio were increased by $340 million quarter over quarter. It seems like it's mostly in the energy and related space. Is that a US or are those US credits and what's your outlook for those balances going forward?

Question_52:

    Okay, thanks very much.

Question_53:

    Hi, thanks for taking my question. Couple of questions.
Paul, your deposits at the Fed declined pretty sharply, almost 20% linked quarter even though you had deposit growth and given that long-term rates are still very low. Can you talk a little bit about what drove that thinking?

Question_54:

    Is that saying that you don't expect rates to go up that much given that you move credit a chunk at a time and long-term rates are pretty low?

Question_55:

    One more question. Earlier you mentioned that global, in response to a question that Global Markets was doing a better job managing the balance sheet. Could you give us some more color about what specifically they are doing?

Question_56:

    All right. Thanks.

Question_57:

    Thanks. I wanted to ask you about two strategic balance sheet decisions.
One is that there seems to be a lot more retention mortgages. So when we have these surges we are not picking up as much mortgage fees but growing mortgage loans maybe a little bit faster. That is a shift, and do you think that will hold mortgage fees down and trade-off for further net interest income down the road?

Question_58:

    And kind of in connection with that you talked about the big question on asset sensitivity which is duration expectation on your deposits. As you've gone through this cycle, and initially we all assumed that there was going to be a lot more volume runoff than the volumes that keep going higher, have you adjusted that duration and is that part of why you are also comfortable putting on more mortgages that have that longer duration feel to it?

Question_59:

    All right. And, lastly, just a strategic utilization of capital, if you look at your allocation of capital and returns by business segment you do a weighted average, you come up with close to an 18% return.
As profitability is getting higher that is getting further away from the overall return which is still around 10%. How do you envision trying to clean up either the capital positions or the overhang from overhead expenses that brings those two numbers maybe a little bit closer together? Thanks.

Question_60:

    Got it, thanks.

Question_61:

    Thank you and good morning. A question on your digital sales.
Obviously, you've had 18% of total sales coming through digital channels and 25% through the mobile. Can you share with us what products you are having the most success with selling through these channels and which products proved to be more challenging?

Question_62:

    Is there any target of where you can get these sales to as a percentage of total sales? Can eventually 50% of sales come through the digital channel?

Question_63:

    And then, finally, sticking with digital, is there any application in the digital channel where you can have success like you are having in the consumer bank in the Merrill Lynch brokerage channel?

Question_64:

    Great, thank you, Brian.

Question_65:

    Yes, thanks. I just had one quick question and it is on the $53 billion expense target.
If we got into an environment where you saw revenues come back more robustly near term, could you still commit to that $53 billion target, meaning you have enough levers to pull? Or would you see yourself switching to maybe an efficiency ratio target if all of a sudden these revenues came back stronger? Thanks.

Question_66:

    Thanks.

