
Good morning. Thanks to everybody on the phone as well as the webcast for joining us this morning for the fourth-quarter results. Hopefully you guys have had a chance to review the earnings release documents available on the website.
Before I turn the call over to Brian and Bruce, let me just remind you we may make forward-looking statements. For further information on those, please refer to either our earnings release documents, our website, or our other SEC filings.
So with that let me turn it over to Brian Moynihan, our CEO, for some opening comments, before Bruce Thompson, the CFO, goes through the details. Thank you.

Thank you, Lee. And good morning and thank all of you for joining us to review our fourth-quarter results for 2014. As we think about the year, we've accomplished a lot, including resolving many significant legacy issues that were overshadowing the underlying progress in our franchise.
Settling those issues obviously came at a cost and drove a decline in year-over-year net income. But importantly, the settlements removed uncertainty for all of us -- for investors, regulators, rating agencies, and others. Allows us to focus on the core business and operations of the Company going forward.
As we move to slide 2, you can see that we have a simplified and stronger Company. Today we reported earnings of $3.1 billion after-tax.
The Company is simpler and more straightforward, with improved risk profile. Everything we do now is focused on driving the Company forward and delivering for our customers and clients.
On this slide you can see some of the important results. This year we completed arguably the industry's largest-ever cost-savings program, which achieved $8 billion of annualized savings.
Let's think about that. We started that program in 2011 when we had around 290,000 FTE. Nevertheless, in the three years since then, driving it the right way, we completed 2014 ending the year with around 220,000 FTEs.
Noninterest expense, excluding litigation, declined $4.4 billion compared from 2013 to 2014, and is down more than $8 billion in the last couple years, and yet we have more work to do ahead of us. We further strengthened an already strong and liquid balance sheet and increased our common stock dividend during 2014 for the first time since 2007.
As you can see on this page, our credit costs are at a decade-low level. So not withstanding the headwinds our industry faces with rates and an ongoing global economic sluggishness, we have built our platform for growth, especially in the context of a continually improving US economy.
We have built a Company with leading market positions across every core customer base, and our task now is to continue to build on that foundation and the progress we've made. As you look at our results, you'll see that year-over-year earnings in our primary businesses, with the exception of the Consumer Real Estate business, made progress that shows stability in a volatile rate and geopolitical environment.
Importantly, as you think about our Company, we have been investing in growth while taking out expense. We reduced our overall headcount during 2014 by around 8%; but at the same time we invested.
We invested by reallocating resources to sales capacity from those savings, increasing in all our core businesses. We invested by reallocating expense reductions to product capabilities, our mobile capabilities, our cash management capabilities, and other capabilities around the world.
We've invested some of those savings and our technology, spending over $3 billion in 2014 to improve and protect our Company. Now you can see the results in the appendix pages, and Bruce will touch on them in the line-of-business presentations.
We expect to continue this effort going forward. We have teams working on it every day. They are working to reallocate nonproductive expense to drive towards growth, allowing us to maintain the good expense management you have come to expect from our Company.
At the same time we are laser focused on winning market share and growing with our customers, the economy continues to improve, and we look forward to reporting that progress during the year ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Bruce to take you through the quarter's numbers.

Great. Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Let's start on slide 3, and I'm going to go through the details.
During the fourth quarter, we recorded $3.1 billion of earnings, or $0.25 per diluted share. Let me give you a few thoughts on revenues.
There were two significant adjustments to revenue as well as negative DVA charges that in the aggregate reduced reported revenues this quarter by $1.2 billion pretax or roughly $0.07 a share after-tax. Of the components of the $1.2 billion impact, we recorded a roughly $578 million negative market-related adjustment which, as you all know we refer to as FAS 91, in net interest income for the acceleration of bond premium amortization on our debt securities that was driven by lower long-term rates. Otherwise, our core net interest income, which excludes this market-related adjustment, was pretty stable, with the fourth quarter coming in a little bit better than we signaled to you all during our third-quarter earnings call.
In addition, this quarter we adopted FVA, which is for funding valuation adjustment, and incurred a $497 million charge against our sales and trading results as a result of that adoption. And as we normally provide to you, our credit spreads tightened; and this tightening caused a negative charge for DVA in the trading account of approximately $130 million during the quarter.
Expenses during the quarter were well managed. Our total noninterest expense in the fourth quarter was $14.2 billion, which included approximately $400 million in litigation expense during the quarter.
This level of expense is the lowest level of expense that we've seen since the Merrill Lynch merger. And credit costs during the quarter improved, as our provision for credit losses was $219 million and included $660 million in the release of reserves.
On slide 4, reduced asset levels in our Global Markets business drove our balance sheet levels lower, coming down $19 billion from the third quarter of 2014. And we finished at just over $2.1 trillion in assets. We continued our focus on balance sheet optimization for liquidity as we continued to shift our discretionary portfolio into HQLA-eligible securities from non-HQLA loans and also improved our deposit composition.
As we signaled to you in the third-quarter earnings call, discretionary portfolio first-lien loans declined from the third quarter of 2014 levels; but we were very pleased with the loan growth we saw in our core businesses during the quarter. If we look in those core businesses, Global Banking loans increased $4 billion during the quarter; within Wealth Management, loan balances grew $3 billion; and our US consumer credit card receivables increased $2.9 billion during the quarter.
We did have a $2.7 billion decline in our direct and indirect portfolio as we transferred a portfolio of student loans to held-for-sale. Our deposits grew from the end of the third quarter while short-term funding declined.
We executed another successful issuance of $1.4 billion of preferred stock early in the third quarter, and that benefited regulatory capital. Shareholders equity improved with both the earnings growth as well as the improvements in AOCI. As a result of that, our tangible book value increased to $14.43 per share, and our tangible common equity ratio improved to 7.47%.
If we move to regulatory capital on slide 5, under the Transition rules our CET1 ratio was 12.3%. If we look at our Basel 3 regulatory capital metrics on a fully phased-in basis, CET1 capital improved $6.2 billion during the quarter; that was driven by earnings, deferred tax utilization, as well as the improvement in AOCI.
Our operational risk-weighted assets during the quarter increased again. They now represent 34% of total risk-weighted assets. But notwithstanding that increase, we were able to keep our Basel 3 Advanced ratio at levels consistent with what we saw at the end of the third quarter.
Under the Standardized Approach, our CET1 ratio improved from 9.5% in the third quarter of 2014 to 10% at the end of the year.
If we look at our supplementary leverage ratios, we've done a lot of work over the past year to improve those. Obviously, the fully phased-in kick in in 2018. We look at where we ended the quarter: at our Bank Holding Company, our SLR ratio was at 5.9%; and at our primary banking subsidiary, BANA, we were at approximately 7%.
We turn to slide 6, funding and liquidity, long-term debt ended the quarter at $243 billion, down $7 billion from the third quarter of 2014. We've done a lot of work over the past couple years to smooth out our Parent Company maturity profile; and as you can see, we have $22 billion scheduled to mature in 2015 and comparable amounts over the next four or five years.
Our Global Excess Liquidity Sources reached a record level during the quarter and closed at $439 billion. Within those Global Excess Liquidity Sources, our Parent Company liquidity improved $5 billion from the end of the third quarter to $98 billion at the end of the year.
Time to required funding increased to 39 months during the fourth quarter. And during the quarter we continued to increase our estimated liquidity coverage ratios at both the consolidated as well as at the Bank levels. At the end of the year, we are well ahead of the 100% fully phased-in 2017 requirement at the consolidated level, and at more than 90% at the Bank level, which is well ahead of the 80% phased-in 2015 requirement, and are well positioned to achieve the 2017 requirement.
If we turn to slide 7, on net interest income, our net interest income on an FTE basis was $9.9 billion, down from the third quarter of 2014 as a result of the more negative market-related adjustment I mentioned a moment ago, which also drove a reported net interest yield decline of 11 basis points.
Lower long-term rates coupled with a flattened yield curve resulted in adjustments to our assumptions to our bond premium amortization, which drove the $578 million of market-related adjustments in the fourth quarter versus the negative $55 million we saw during the third quarter of 2014. If we adjust this market-related adjustment, NII was $10.4 billion and declined less than $100 million from the third quarter of 2014, despite the challenging rate environment we saw during the fourth quarter. The adjusted NII decline was driven by the impacts of the lower discretionary loan balances within the Consumer Real Estate portfolio.
If we look at net interest yield on an adjusted basis, it was up a touch from the third quarter of 2014 to 2.3%. Given the movement lower in rates that we saw during the quarter, we did become more asset sensitive, such that a 100 basis point parallel increase in rates from what we saw at the end of the year would be expected to contribute roughly $3.7 billion in NII benefits over the course of the next 12 months. And given the movement in rates, the sensitivity is now more evenly weighted to both long-term as well as short-term rate moves.
Before we leave this slide I do want to remind you that during the first quarter of 2015 we have two fewer interest accrual days than the fourth quarter of 2014, which will negatively impact NII by a couple hundred million dollars.
Noninterest expense -- and I moving to slide 8 -- was $14.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2014 and included approximately $400 million in litigation expense. As I said earlier, this is the lowest quarterly expense amount that we have reported since the Merrill Lynch merger.
If we exclude litigation, total expenses were $13.8 billion, which declined $300 million from the third quarter of 2014 and was driven by our LAS initiative cost savings as well as lower revenue-related incentive costs within our Global Markets business. If we compare these expenses to the fourth quarter of 2013, we were down $1.2 billion, driven by LAS cost savings, new BAC benefits, and, to a lesser degree, the lower revenue-related incentives.
Legacy Assets and Servicing costs, ex-litigation, were $1.1 billion in the quarter, $200 million lower than the third quarter and $700 million lower than the fourth quarter of 2013. As we continue to work through these delinquent loans, we expect these quarterly costs will come down a few hundred million dollars more by the end of 2015.
Headcount was down 5,800 during the quarter. And as we look at expense, a reminder that we will record our normal annual retirement-eligible incentive cost in the first quarter of 2015; and we expect that number to be roughly $1 billion, consistent with what we've seen the past couple years.
We turn to asset quality on slide 9. Credit quality continued to improve during the quarter. Q4 provision expense was $219 million, and we released a net $660 million of reserves, given the continued pace of asset quality improvement, particularly within our Consumer Real Estate portfolio.
Reported charge-offs were $879 million and declined from the third quarter of 2014. I would remind you both periods of net charge-offs included NPL sales and other recoveries, and the fourth quarter included approximately $150 million of costs related to actions that were taken in relation to our DOJ settlement, which were previously reserved for.
If we exclude the recoveries and the DOJ component, charge-offs in the fourth quarter were just over $1 billion versus a similarly adjusted net charge-off amount of $1.2 billion in the third quarter of 2014. Loss rates on this same adjusted basis were 47 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2014 versus 52 basis points that we saw in the third quarter of 2014.
Let's now move to the business segment results, which we start on slide 10 with Consumer and Business Banking. Our results within Consumer and Business Banking show solid bottom-line performance, with earnings of $1.8 billion. Those were down from the fourth quarter of 2014 due largely to lower release of loan loss reserves and, to a lesser degree, higher tax rates.
The business generated a solid 24% return on allocated capital during the quarter. Revenue was up slightly on a year-over-year basis despite net interest income being down, as our noninterest income grew more than 5%, with a strong improvement in card income.
We look at customer activity during the quarter, we had solid deposit growth; and our rates paid is now at 5 basis points. Loans on a linked-quarter basis increased seasonally, driven by US consumer credit card.
Our card issuance remains very strong, at 1.2 million new cards in the fourth quarter of 2014, of which approximately 67% of those were issued to existing customers. We look at all of 2014, we issued 16% more cards in 2014 than 2013 and increased the percentage of the issuance to our existing customers, which is consistent with the overall strategy. Credit quality improved again, as our US credit card loss rate fell to 2.7% and continues to have a very strong risk-adjusted margin at just below 10%.
Our Merrill Edge brokerage assets grew to $114 billion, which is up 18% year-over-year, on new accounts, strong account flows, as well as higher market levels. Our mobile banking customers reached 16.5 million in the fourth quarter, and now 12% of all customer deposit transactions are done through mobile devices.
If we adjust for portfolio divestitures, combined debit and credit purchase volume was up 4% relative to the fourth quarter of 2013 and, if we back fuel out, was up 5%.
Let's move to Consumer Real Estate Services on slide 11. The improvement in the results compared to the third quarter of 2014 was driven by the third quarter of 2014 DOJ settlement, which impacted expense, provision, as well as income tax.
Revenues did increase slightly over the third quarter of 2014 while expense, even after we exclude litigation, declined from the third quarter as both fulfillment costs on the production side and costs on the delinquent loan servicing side were down from the third quarter. Core production revenue and servicing fees were both stable compared to the third quarter of 2014, while servicing income did benefit from better MSR hedging results.
On the production front, first-mortgage retail originations were stable with the third quarter of 2014 at $11.6 billion, and the pipeline was consistent with the third quarter of 2014 as well, albeit up on a year-over-year basis. On home equity, we're the number-one lender; and line originations during the quarter were $3.4 billion, in line with the third quarter of 2014 and up north of 70% on a year-over-year basis. The credit quality of those second-lien originations remains very strong, with average FICO scores over 790 and combined loan-to-value ratios at less than 60%.
Expenses in the segment did include $262 million of litigation costs in the fourth quarter versus $5.3 billion that we saw in the third quarter of 2014. We continue to work through and resolve our MBS securities litigation matters, including this quarter the FHLB of San Francisco matter. With the resolution of that, we now estimate that we've resolved approximately 98% of the unpaid principal balance of all RMBS as to which RMBS securities litigation has been filed or threatened against all Bank of America related entities.
LAS expense, ex-litigation, this quarter was just over $1.1 billion as we achieved our first quarter of 2015 goal a quarter ahead of schedule. Importantly, the number of 60-plus-day delinquent loans that we have dropped to 189,000 units, which is down 32,000 or 14% from the third quarter of 2014.
If we turn to slide 12, Global Wealth and Investment Management delivered another strong quarter. Pretax margin was strong. Net income was just over $700 million, but was down from the fourth quarter of 2013 as solid fee-based growth was offset by lower net interest income and higher expense.
Record asset management speeds offset some weakness we saw in transactional activity and still drove a 7% increase in noninterest revenue relative to the fourth quarter of 2013. Our asset management fees now represent 45% of revenue within this segment, up from 40% a year ago.
Noninterest expense did increase from the fourth quarter of 2013 as a result of higher performance-based incentives as well as increased support costs. We increased the number of financial advisors; and year-to-date retention of our experienced financial advisors remains at record levels.
Return on allocated capital was 23%. Client balances were nearly $2.5 trillion, up $36 billion from the third quarter of 2014, and were driven by strong client balance inflows.
Long-term AUM flows were $9 billion for the quarter and represented the 22nd consecutive quarter of positive flows. Our record loan flows during the quarter reflect $3 billion in growth over the third quarter of 2014 in securities-based as well as residential mortgage lending. And our period-end deposits were up $7 billion or 3% from the third quarter of 2014.
If we turn to slide 13, Global Banking earnings for the quarter were $1.4 billion, up from the fourth quarter of 2013 on lower credit cost and, to a lesser degree, reduced expenses.
Results were partially -- the net income was partially offset during the quarter on a year-over-year basis by lower investment banking fees off of what was a record level in the fourth quarter of 2013. Return on allocated capital was strong at 18%.
If we look at the investment banking revenues of north of $1.5 billion, we feel very good about the results. They were up on a linked-quarter basis, and our investment banking team executed very well in a tough distribution environment, given the volatility of rates as well as energy prices.
Provision was a slight benefit in the quarter and reflected continued low loss rates and a small reserve release compared to the year-ago period, which included a reserve addition of $434 million. If we look at the balance sheet, we'd point you to average loans were $271 billion, up $3.7 billion from the third quarter of 2014 levels.
We switch to Global Markets on slide 14. The business reported a modest loss in the quarter, but that did include a $497 million charge to implement FVA.
For those unfamiliar with FVA, funding valuation adjustment is an adjustment to the fair value of uncollateralized derivative trades to account for the present value of funding cost. This is an accounting practice many of our peers have also adopted; and as you all know, this is a one-time transition cost for implementation.
Separately, net DVA for the quarter was a loss of $130 million versus a loss of $617 million during the fourth quarter of 2013. Earnings are down from the fourth quarter of 2013 as a result of a decline in sales and trading revenue that was mostly offset by a decline in expense. If you recall, on our fourth-quarter 2013 call, FICC sales and trading during that quarter included $220 million in recoveries on legacy positions in the fourth quarter of 2013.
Sales and trading, adjusting for net DVA and FVA, were $2.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2014 versus $2.8 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013, after we adjust for the recoveries. On this same adjusted basis, FICC sales and trading revenues of $1.5 billion compare to $1.9 billion in the year-ago period.
December results were particularly challenging during the quarter, with the toughest areas of performance being the credit-sensitive businesses within FICC, most notably mortgages and credit trading, which are generally our largest trading revenue-related businesses. On the positive side, we saw increases in both FX and rates revenues versus the prior year that were driven by increased volatility, given global deflationary expectations leading to the US dollar strengthening.
Equity sales and trading was up modestly from the fourth quarter of 2013, as increased volatility was a positive for secondary flows across both our cash and derivative trading businesses.
On the expense front, the decline reflects litigation expense of $655 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. If we take that litigation expense out, expenses still declined 5% from the fourth quarter of 2013 as the incentives were reduced to align with the revenue performance that we saw.
On slide 15, All Other, the results in the fourth quarter of 2013 reflect lower revenue from NII, largely associated with the market-related adjustments that we've discussed, as well as lower securities gains and equity investment income, partially offset by gains on the sale of certain loans with long-term standby agreements that were converted to securities. Significant equity investment income is largely a thing of the past for us, as we've reduced the size of the principal investing positions in the business as well as strategic positions, and should be modeled accordingly.
You'll also notice we took additional reserves for the payment protection insurance, but at a lower level than we saw during the third quarter of 2014. Our fourth-quarter 2014 expense is down year-over-year on less nonmortgage litigation expense and lower infrastructure costs.
Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29%, and I would expect the tax rate for the Company in 2015 to be in the low 30%s absent any unusual items.
One other thing I want to mention before wrapping up is some movement in our business lines that you'll see as we report them to you in 2015. In the first quarter of 2015, we expect to align Business Banking into our Global Banking business, which takes this more commercial business out of our core Consumer and Business Banking unit. In addition, we expect to move the home loans portion of our Consumer Real Estate Services business to Consumer Banking, as this product remains integral to their relationships with us.
So to conclude my comments, as we look at both 2014 and the fourth quarter of 2014, capital and liquidity reached record levels, which provides a solid base to support our businesses that hold leading or top-tier positions in the industry. We continue our focus on expense and operating leverage after reaching significant milestones this year on both New BAC as well as LAS cost-saving initiatives.
We reported a quarter of much lower legacy assets and servicing operating and litigation costs, which have been burdening our reported results. Asset quality continued its trend of improvement against a slowly improving US macroeconomic backdrop, and we continue to remain well positioned to benefit in an environment where rates start to increase.
With that, we'll go ahead and open it up for questions.