Question_1:

    Hi, good morning. The question I'm getting from people this morning is around the expenses. You showed some very nice improvement in core expenses coming down meaningfully Q on Q and year on year, and the question is have we reached the end state here or is there any further opportunity to bring down expenses from here?

Question_2:

    Okay. And then on the reps and warranty side you had what looks like a little bit of a true-up based on this litigation decision. Is that the right way of reading it or is there potential even in more to come in the future as you go through these cases?

Question_3:

    Okay, thanks. And then just one last question.
You indicated the upside that you have in the event of a rate rise $3.9 billion if the parallel shift is 100 basis points. The question is how you're thinking about dropping that to the bottom line? Is there reinvestments that would take up some of that or are you at sufficient run rate in investment spend that you would be able to drop more to the bottom line?

Question_4:

    Okay. And then just back to the expense side, the expense run rate that you've got right now is something you think you can hold at least if not improve from here, is that fair?

Question_5:

    Thanks a lot.

Question_6:

    If we look at the core net interest income ex- the market-related marks it was down a little bit versus last quarter but you're starting to see the loans inflect as you mentioned earlier. Do we start seeing stability in the core net interest income looking at next quarter or two or do we really need higher short-term rates for that?

Question_7:

    Okay. And that's without any benefit from rates?

Question_8:

    Okay. And then on the discretionary book you mentioned it came down a little bit when you look out on a combined securities mortgages basis and I guess just we saw long-term rates go up and some banks have been increasing the discretionary book with higher reinvestment rates or higher investment rates here. What's the thought on bringing that book down as rates have gone up?

Question_9:

    Okay, thank you very much.

Question_10:

    Hey, good morning. Just a quick follow-up on the NIM outlook.
I think Bruce last quarter you mentioned that if the yield curve stayed where it was you'd have about $600 million of drag in NII over the next few quarters. Are you saying that that's pretty much changed with the steepening of the curve since April when you spoke last and not only NII is growing but NIM should stabilize or is it just sort of offsetting each other?
Are you getting a boost from that? How do we think about the yield curve versus your prior comment?

Question_11:

    Okay, fair enough. And just on the capital side, when do you think the modifications become official and you exit the parallel run? How long do we think we have to wait for that and is there anything that could change in terms of your expectation around I guess the 90 basis point hit to your CET1?

Question_12:

    Okay, that's helpful. And just one last quick one on the $3.9 billion of sensitivity to higher rates, how much is FAS 91 related versus core?

Question_13:

    Okay, thanks a lot.

Question_14:

    Hi, thanks. Bruce just one more question on the rate sensitivity, the $3.9 billion move for 100 basis point parallel move I assume that illustration is to a 100 basis point move that's a shock or an instantaneous move in rates? Can you give us any feel for how that number would change if the move in rates is more gradual? As the Fed is saying if I go gradually how does that change if it's not instantaneous?

Question_15:

    Okay. And a clarification, where it is the gain on consumer real estate loans? Is that in the Mortgage Banking line?

Question_16:

    Okay. The Mortgage Banking income was very strong on the fee income line, obviously you had the rep and warrant in there. Was there anything else in there that helped on the Mortgage Banking line?

Question_17:

    Got it. Okay, and then last question for me on the credit, do you see the net charge-offs bouncing around the current level the $929 million and how do you see it playing out in terms of provision reserve release relative to what you just did this quarter?

Question_18:

    Okay. And on top of that will the DOJ still be a factor for the next couple of quarters?

Question_19:

    Got it. Okay, thank you.

Question_20:

    Hi, thanks. Two quick ones on the average balance sheet.
When you look at the debt securities line, the yield went up some version of a lot from 2% to 3.2%. I'm assuming some of that is LAS loans converting, but could you give a little color on what drives that? Because the overall size of the book didn't change that much.

Question_21:

    Okay. Similar but different question, inside the C&I book, the used commercial book it was just a 4 basis point drop quarter on quarter but there's growth there. So I'm just curious the trade-off between price and yield give up on the new loans you're putting on versus the responsible growth you talked about.
It doesn't seem that bad. I'm just curious on what kind of yield you're putting new loans on?

Question_22:

    Okay, I definitely appreciate that. Last one is when you talk about the pushing for growth and you mentioned the different specialists in the branches, the Business Banking, the financial investment consultants, I'm curious what are you doing to incent and to encourage them? In other words are there actual incentives or do they get paid on their production?

Question_23:

    All right. Thanks very much.

Question_24:

    Thanks very much. Just to follow up a little bit on that last point, when I was trying to shift through the core loan growth numbers this morning it looked like the core loan growth coming out of the institutional bank and the Wealth Management looked strong but I'm still unclear what the core level of growth was inside the consumer organization and so I'm just trying to reconcile that with where the incremental hiring is occurring on the sales front. So can you just clarify what the core level of consumer growth was?

Question_25:

    And so do you have a sense or is there some sense maybe you can give us to how that investment in front office staff is contributing to growth outside of the segment?

Question_26:

    And so when this is my final question on this if we divorce just the runoff from some of the legacy assets that are still occurring, would you expect the core consumer asset growth to accelerate as a consequence of this investment or do you think that it's currently run rating?

Question_27:

    Great, thanks very much for the answers to all my questions.

Question_28:

    Thanks, good morning. First question just on the RWAs, looks like when you look at the reconciliation of the move to fully phased-in there is a little bit of a help on the advanced models this quarter and just in a general sense obviously we still have that finalization to come but what additional tweaks are you working on inside the models and what additional mitigation could we still see from here on the RWA side?

Question_29:

    Okay. And then my second question relates to the Wealth Management business and Bruce you alluded to there being a little bit of a slowdown on the revenue. So if a look at the segment or the line item on the income statement there has been a deceleration, advisor productivity looks a little bit lower and you've added a lot of people. You've added a lot of assets.
So I'm just wondering what do we need to see to get a re-acceleration of the revenue side in brokerage and Wealth Management? And is it just a time lag relative to those additions?

Question_30:

    Understood. Okay, thanks, guys.

Question_31:

    Hi, good morning. So I have a couple of questions on the topic of capital.
The first is a follow-up to Ken's earlier question regarding RWA mitigation potential. And Bruce I do appreciate the color you cited relating to all the mitigation opportunities on the horizon. I'm just trying to get a better sense given your efforts to grow the core loan portfolio how we should be thinking about the trajectory in advanced RWAs, maybe excluding the upward adjustment tied to the regulatory guidance just to give us a sense as to what that trajectory should look like over the next couple of quarters?

Question_32:

    Okay. But presumably the focus at least on your part is going to be on mitigating the advanced RWAs given that that appears to be your longer-term binding constraint.

Question_33:

    No, understood. Okay and then actually it's a great transition to my next question on the topic of G-SIB surcharges where I'm sure you're aware there's been some discussion around the possibility of incorporating the surcharges within CCAR. And I was just hoping to get a better sense as to what contingency plans you might have in place if the surcharge were to be included and are there opportunities that you see to sufficiently mitigate the G-SIB indicators so that you could move into a lower bucket?

Question_34:

    All right. Thanks Bruce. That detail is extremely helpful.
And then one more quick final one for me. I was hoping you can give us an update on where your TLAC ratio sit today?

Question_35:

    Okay, great. Thank you for taking my questions.

Question_36:

    Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
A quick one on Wealth Management. Is it possible for you to quantify for us how much of your total Wealth Management client assets are in retirement accounts and of that, what percentage are advisory?

Question_37:

    Okay. Just the whole idea there is trying to get at the DOL proposal and maybe what could be potential downside even based on how it all gets finalized understanding that it's preliminary at this point.

Question_38:

    Okay. And then looking at the branch declines that you guys referenced earlier should we count on the 5% year over year as a reasonable decline rate sustainable from here given the trends that you're seeing in your mobile platform? And could this potentially add additional juice to your expense declines beyond the business as usual type pushing that you've spent a lot of time talking about here on the call today?

Question_39:

    That's helpful color, Brian. Thanks. And then last one for me you made a reference earlier to a couple of points margin from the employee forgivable loan amortization dropping off next year.
Is next year a bump in the trend or is that indicative of potential further declines in forgivable loans as they continue to roll off? And does it assume some level of counter pressure offsetting pressure from continued recruiting? And maybe a little update on the recruiting environment for FAs would be helpful.

Question_40:

    Great, thanks for that.

Question_41:

    Thank you. I wanted to ask about the asset liability management.
When you look at the market adjustments that you had of $669 million this quarter, as rates go up there is less and less impact from that. How much is remaining in the next 50 basis points in just the prepayment speed slowing down?

Question_42:

    Okay. Perfect. And then when you're talking about being able to see the margin go up in the back half of the year because of the current steepness of the yield curve does that include some utilization in the sense of increasing your securities portfolio while you invest some of the liquid assets you have on the balance sheet?

Question_43:

     range $10 billion, $20 billion, $30 billion, any kind of rule of thumb there?

Question_44:

    Got you. And lastly this is a nuance but when you look at the trading activity typically in the past when I had a trading activity in the bank that I was managing when you had a steepening of the yield curve you get some pickup because you're getting the current long-term yield funded by short-term rates. The rate on the trading activity account did not go up this quarter but averaging into the next quarter would you expect some benefit there?

Question_45:

    I'm just more focused on the steepness versus the flattening of the yield curve. A steeper yield curve typically brings a little better spread on the trading account?

Question_46:

    Okay. Thanks.

Question_47:

    Hi, good morning. Guys, just another liquidity issue. Could you just tell us what's on deposit, what excess deposits you've got with the Fed now and what your plans are for those going forward?

Question_48:

    Okay, you mean in overall liquidity or at liquidity on deposit with the Fed?

Question_49:

    Okay, that's a lot of liquidity. My second question, Brian is for you.
You've gone through a lot of change over the past few years and this transition to mobile, etc., etc., but one of the things I still get from talking to people are persistent gripes about service quality particularly in the mortgage company. Can you just tell us what your internal polling or whatever shows in terms of improvements in credit quality and how you feel about that entire subject?

Question_50:

    But how about just more the issue of service quality at the branches, etc.?

Question_51:

    All right. Thank you.

Question_52:

    All right. Good to hear. Thank you.

Question_53:

    Hi, I just wanted to follow up on Betsy's question at the start talking about expenses being at a run rate or maybe going lower. The expenses are down $400 million year over year but if you look at your four business lines the revenues are down twice that implying a lot of the rest is coming through the other line. So I guess I'm just wondering how much more there is to cut or should cut if the expenses are down again $400 million but the revenues in the four business lines are down $800 million? How do you balance that trade-off?

Question_54:

    Okay. Just to understand because I'm just looking at your slides, slide 17 and the other slides in your presentation today, I looked at the four slides related to GWIM, Global Banking, Global Markets and Consumer Banking, I took second quarter of 2015 versus second quarter of 2014 and looked at the delta in revenues and that's how I got the $800 million decline. So you would say which adjustments should we make from that?

Question_55:

    Okay. I will follow up on that. So are you comfortable, are you satisfied with the revenue progression that you've had no matter how you take a look at it?

Question_56:

    And then a separate question, I think it's the first time you've listed ROA and ROE on the first page of your press release. And should we read anything into that that we're more focused on achieving these targets with a specific timeframe or what changed?

Question_57:

    And then lastly just, I know I've asked this question before is there a specific timeframe that you can commit to to achieve your ROA and ROE goals?

Question_58:

    All right. Thank you.

Question_59:

    Yes, good morning gentlemen and I'm sorry to raise the subject of cost again. But I just want to square away what you said I think to Betsy's question at the very beginning to what you said at the conference back in May when you actually said that if trading revenues didn't pick up you'd have to adjust costs further. I just wondered where you were on that because obviously trading revenues were down about 2% year on year I think in the quarter and I'm having to assume that the start to the quarter has been pretty bumpy with Greece and China.
So could you just talk a little bit about how you see that? But perhaps also talk a little bit about how you might address that situation in global markets and global banking in respect of the US business and the international businesses? Because it is really clear that the US business seems to be offering more opportunities not just because they are more buoyant but also because you're seeing European banks play a lesser role.
And obviously seeing three of the big banks get new CEOs in the last few weeks I hardly imagine they are going to be allocating more capital to Investment Banking. Thank you.

Question_60:

    Thanks very much. Thank you.

