
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's third-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and Dave Wehner, CFO. 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release and on our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at Investor.FB.com. 
And now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, Deborah, and thanks, everyone for joining today. This has been a good quarter for Facebook, and we've achieved strong results across the board. We've continued to grow our community in both size and engagement, with 1.35 billion people now using Facebook each month and 64% using Facebook daily. On mobile, 1.122 billion people now use Facebook each month and 703 million people each day, nearly 40% growth from this time last year. 
Looking at our business, we continue to do well. This quarter, total revenue reached $3.2 billion, and advertising revenue grew 64% year over year. Mobile now accounts for 66% of our advertising revenue. These results show that Facebook is getting stronger every day as a community, a partner for developers and marketers, and as the business. 
One thing that I'm particularly pleased about is that while we are investing aggressively and making progress toward our big, long-term goals, we also continued to execute well against our near-term priorities. On previous calls, you've heard me talk about our big Company goals of connecting everyone, understanding the world, and building the next generation of platforms. 
These goals are important for us and are the foundation of our strategy for the next decade. But achieving these will look involve many different efforts and steps along the way, some that will be achieved rapidly and others that are going to take longer. So with that in mind, I'd like to run through our progress this quarter on the different efforts that we expect to deliver a lot of impact over the next 3, 5, and 10 years. 
Let's begin with our three-year goals: over the next three years, our main goals are around continuing to grow and serve our existing communities and businesses, and help them reach their full potential. When you look at the size and engagement of our community, our progress remains very strong. 864 million people use Facebook every day, and across our core products, we continue to see huge engagement. 
For example, around 700 million people now use Facebook groups every month. Achieving this scale shows that we're delivering experiences for the way that people want to share and connect. 
Another example is our progress on public content. Last quarter, I talked about how we're working to connect people around important public moments and personalities on Facebook. This quarter, we have continued to build on our results, and there are now more than 1 billion interactions every week between public figures and their fans on Facebook. 
The investments we've made in video have also played a big part here. This quarter, we announced a new milestone for video on Facebook, achieving 1 billion video views a day of made [of] videos. During the summer's ice bucket challenge, there were more than 10 billion video views by 440 million people, which is a good sign of how far our video product has come. 
Instagram has also made a lot of progress this quarter. In August, the Instagram team launched Hyperlapse, a standalone app for time-lapsed videos on iOS. The team has also invested heavily in improving the speed and performance of Instagram on Android. This has helped drive Instagram's strong international growth which, in some countries, has achieved more than 100% year-over-year growth. 
Globally, people using Instagram now spend around 21 minutes a day, on average, using the app. This is a strong figure compared to the industry and a good sign that Instagram's strategy is on the right path. 
Our other big focus over the next three years is to continue serving businesses well in creating a lot of value for marketers. As our results show, our approach here is working. To continue delivering value for businesses, we've work to improve the quality of ads and news feed by reducing low quality content and improving our targeting to show more timely and relevant content. 
We've also made some big advances in our ad tech, most importantly, the launch of our Atlas platform. Atlas offers marketers a lot of new capabilities to help reach people across devices, platforms and publishers, as well as improving measurement of online campaigns. We're very excited for the future of Atlas, and Sheryl is going to talk more about this in a moment. 
Next, let's talk about our strategy over the next five years. Over the next five years, our goals are around taking our next generation of services, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and Search, and helping them connect billions of people and become important businesses in their own right. One big priority for us here is messaging, and continuing to build and grow Messenger and now WhatsApp, as well, as great services. 
This quarter, we made an important change to our mobile messaging efforts by transitioning people to Messenger on iOS Android and Windows phones. We believe that this change allows us to offer a better and faster messaging experience on mobile, and our data shows that people who use Messenger usually respond to messages about 20% faster. 
This month, we also completed our acquisition of WhatsApp. I'm excited to be working with this team and for Jan to join our Board. WhatsApp continues to be on a path to connect more than 1 billion people around the world, and we are going to be working to accelerate their efforts here. 
Another key part of our strategy is helping developers to build more great social experiences on our platform. Over the next few years, our goal is to make Facebook the cross-platform platform that allows developers to build, grow, and monetize their apps across every major mobile platform. 
We've continued to make good progress here. This quarter, we opened our Audience Network to all developers and publishers, allowing over 1.5 million advertisers on Facebook to extend their campaigns across mobile, and for developers to begin monetizing their apps. 
We're also excited by the continued adoption of App Links, our deep-linking technology for mobile apps. App Links is now used by hundreds of apps across iOS, Android, and Windows phones, and in just the past six months, developers have created links to more than 3 billion individual destinations in these apps. 
Now let's talk about how we're approaching our goals over the next 10 years. For the next 10 years, our focus is on driving the fundamental changes in the world that we need to achieve our mission, connecting the whole world, understanding the world with big leaps in AI, and developing the next generation of platforms, especially in computing. 
This is a very big -- very busy period for our efforts with Internet.org. In July, we worked with Airtel to launch the Internet.org app in Zambia. This provides free data access to a set of basic Internet services for health, education, employment, and communication. The results from this are very encouraging, and we've already heard a lot of amazing stories about how people are using the Internet to add value to their lives. We hope to bring the Internet.org app to many more countries soon. 
Over the last few months, I've also traveled to several countries and met with policymakers, industry leaders, and people in communities that are coming online for the first time. Increasingly, industry and governments are seeing expanding Internet access as one of their core priorities. This is a positive development for our work with Internet.org and our long-term goal of connecting everyone in the world. 
Finally, let's talk for a minute about our progress with Oculus. As I've said before, with Oculus, we're making a long-term bet on the future of computing. Every 10 to 15 years, a new major computing platform arrives, and we think that virtual and augmented reality are important parts of this upcoming next platform. 
This quarter, Oculus continued to make progress towards this vision. In September, the first Oculus developer conference took place, where we announced a new prototype via our headset on the path to the consumer version of the Rift. We continue to see a lot of excitement in the developer committee, and we've now shipped more than 100,000 Rift developer kits to over 130 countries. It's still early for Oculus, but we're encouraged to see the variety of apps and games being developed for this platform. 
Internet.org and Oculus are just two of the huge opportunities ahead. Our efforts here will take longer to achieve their full impact, but we're going to continue preparing for the future by investing aggressively. So that's how we're approaching our strategy over the next 3, 5, and 10 years, while focusing on our big goals of connecting everyone, understanding the world, and building the next generation of platforms. 
This has been a quarter with strong results. I want to thank the entire Facebook community, our employees, our partners, and our stockholders for their continued support. Because of your contributions, Facebook continues to grow in strength and to create greater value in the world for people, partners, and businesses. We have a long journey ahead, we're on the right path, and I'm excited about the progress that we're making. 
Thank you, and now, here's Sheryl. 

Thanks, Mark, and hi, everyone. We had another strong quarter, and we're continuing to execute well on our priorities, capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of Facebook marketers, and building products to make our ads more relevant. 
Our growth this quarter was again very broad-based. We've had strong performance around the world, as well as across verticals and our four marketer segments: brand, direct marketers, developers, and small and medium businesses. I'd like to briefly highlight some of our progress on the product front, and then focus on important new investments we're making in ad-tech. 
One of our main ad product goals is to make ads more relevant. Just like content and news feed, when ads are more relevant, they provide a better experience for people using Facebook and a better return for marketers. 
One of the best ways to improve relevance is to help advertisers reach the right audience with their messages. Facebook's age and gender targeting is 45% more accurate than the digital industry average. Working with Facebook, advertisers can also target based on people's interests. 
In addition, we're continuing to build out custom audiences, which enable marketers to use their own data to segment current and prospective customers. We are pleased with the response from clients, and we're focused on driving deeper penetration with both existing and new clients. 
We also offer look-alike audiences, which help marketers find potential new customers who are similar to their current customers. To share one recent example, earlier this year, global financial services company MetLife wanted to find new customers for life insurance policies. 
Working with its agency, [Merkel], they used look-alike audiences to find people more like their existing customers. MetLife ran ads that led people to their Get a Quote website page. Over the six-month campaign, the leads that came from Facebook resulted in new policies at a 2.4 times higher rate than MetLife's next best-performing channel and at 50% the cost of display ads. 
We're also making steady progress with newer ads initiatives. Throughout this quarter, we continued to enable autoplay for more video ads. We're also continuing to roll out ads on Instagram. We think there's good opportunity with both video and Instagram ads, but we're going to remain deliberate and slow in our approach to scaling both businesses. 
We're also making longer-term investments that we believe will be important for Facebook and the ad industry. In Q3, we relaunched Atlas, closed our acquisition of LiveRail, and rolled out our Audience Network, so I want to spend a few minutes discussing our longer-term ad-tech strategy. 
We're investing in ad-tech for a simple reason: consumers are shifting quickly to mobile and the advertising industry is not keeping up. 2013 was the first year the average American adult spent more time on digital media than watching TV, and that gap has continued to grow. Today, the average adult in the US spends nearly 25% of their media time on mobile, but advertisers spend only about 11% of their budgets there. 
One of the main reasons the budgets aren't moving as quickly as consumers is that advertisers haven't yet had an effective way to serve ads and measure their returns on mobile. Current solutions work well for one person with one device, especially a PC, and for sales that happen online, but today, people often have multiple devices and still make many purchases in physical stores. Nielsen OCR data shows that the digital industry is less than 60% accurate in demographic targeting of ads, which means that four in 10 people are seeing the wrong ads. 
Similarly, marketers are not confident that they can measure mobile ad performance. Many of the most commonly-used measurement systems overemphasize the value of the last click. This does not make sense, given that studies of Facebook campaigns show that over 90% of ads -- of ad-driven in-store sales come from people who saw an ad but didn't click on it. 
It's clear that marketers and publishers need better tools for the mobile world. This is an industry problem that we believe we are well-placed to solve. 
Our relaunch of Atlas last month during Adweek was an important early step that builds on the advancements and measurements we have made over the past two years. The new Atlas is an ad-serving and measurement platform we completely rebuilt. By using Facebook data, Atlas can deliver highly relevant ads, regardless of device. 
Atlas is also able to provide accurate measurement by connecting online marketing to in-store sales. Importantly, Atlas does all of this in a privacy-protected way; neither Atlas nor Facebook tells marketers who you are. 
At Adweek, we had productive conversations about Atlas with many marketers and agencies. We are pleased with their interest. 
We're also investing in additional pieces of our ad-tech platform. Our Audience Network improves the relevance of ads inside mobile apps. LiveRail provides tools for publishers to enable personalized marketing at scale, via their apps and websites. We believe LiveRail can build on their success in desktop video to become a great solution for mobile publishers. 
I want to emphasize that the investments we're making in ad-tech are long-term; these are large and strategic investments. The payoff will take time, but we think they provide a necessary foundation for the advertising industry to make the shift to mobile and for Facebook's long-term growth. 
We recognize that by staffing engineers in these strategic ad-tech areas, we forego shorter-term product improvements, which would generate revenue more quickly. We believe these are the right decisions. 
As we look toward 2015, we're going to stay focused on the areas I've talked about today: capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of Facebook marketers, and building products that make ads more relevant. Our investors and ad-techs will be an increasingly important part of all of these efforts. Thanks, everyone, and now here's Dave. 

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. Q3 was a solid quarter across the board. We had strong revenue growth, generated $766 million in free cash flow, and continued to make investments to position us for long-term growth. 
864 million people used Facebook on an average day in September, up 136 million from last year. This represents 64% of the 1.35 billion people that use Facebook during the month of September. 
Mobile continues to be the core driver of our growth; over 1.1 billion people used Facebook on mobile during the month of September, up 250 million from last year. In addition, we have hundreds of millions of people on mobile using Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp. 
Turning now to the financials, total revenue in Q3 was $3.2 billion, up 59% compared to last year, or 58% on a constant-currency basis. Total ad revenue was nearly $3 billion, up 64% compared to last year, or 63% on a constant-currency basis. Ad revenue growth was strong around the world, with each of our four reported geographic regions growing by 50% or more compared to last year. 
Mobile ad revenue was approximately $1.9 billion, or 66% of ad revenue, compared to approximately $881 million, or 49% of ad revenue, last year. Desktop ad revenue was up 11% compared to last year, but was flat sequentially. 
In Q3, the average price per ad increased 274% compared to last year, while total ad impressions declined 56%. The increase in the average effective price per ad was driven primarily by the redesign of our right-hand column ads, which resulted in larger, more engaging ads that delivered more value to marketers, and thus had higher effective prices. These right-hand column ads were also fewer in number, which drove the decrease of impressions in the quarter. 
To a lesser degree, the shift of usage to mobile, where we don't have right-hand column ads, also continued to contribute to the reported price-volume trends. The price-volume trends were largely consistent across our four geographic regions. 
Total payments and others fees revenue was $246 million, up 13% versus last year; however, payments volume from games, which represents the substantial majority of our payments and other fees revenue, declined 2% compared to last year, notably for the first time. And we expect this trend to continue, as desktop usage continues to decline. 
Turning now to expenses, note that beginning in Q3, our definition of non-GAAP also excludes the amortization of intangible assets, and the historical non-GAAP measures discussed today have been updated accordingly. You can find our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations on page 10 of the Q3 press release. 
Our Q3 total GAAP expenses were $1.8 billion, up 41% from last year, and non-GAAP expenses were $1.4 billion, up 39% from last year. Cost of revenue grew 11% on a GAAP basis and 7% on a non-GAAP basis. 
We incurred expenses in the third quarter of 2013 related to the transition out of certain lease data centers. This mitigated our cost-of-revenue growth rate in Q3 2014, as it has done in the last two quarters. 
Operating expenses, excluding cost of revenue, were up 61% on a GAAP basis and 72% on a non-GAAP basis versus last year, primarily due to an increase in headcount-related costs. We ended Q3 with 8,348 employees, up 44% from last year. Of the nearly 1,200 people we added sequentially, about one-quarter were from acquisition. 
Organic growth was high, as the third quarter is our seasonally strongest new hire start period. Overall, we are pleased with our ability to attract and retain talented people who enable us to make strong progress against our mission. 
Q3 operating income was $1.4 billion, representing a 44% operating margin, up from 37% last year. And our non-GAAP operating income was $1.8 billion, representing 57% operating margin, up from 51% last year. 
Interest and other income and expense was a net expense of $61 million in the quarter, versus a net expense of $10 million last year. This increase in expense was primarily due to a foreign exchange losses resulting from the periodic remeasurement of our foreign currency balances, and largely resulted from the substantial reduction in the value of the euro relative to the dollar experienced from the beginning to the end of the quarter. 
Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for the quarter were 40% and 35%, respectively. GAAP net income was $806 million, or $0.30 per share, and our non-GAAP net income was $1.1 billion, or $0.43 per share. In Q3, we spent $482 million on CapEx and generated $766 million of free cash flow. 
We ended Q3 with approximately $14.3 billion in cash and investments. This does not reflect the approximately $4.6 billion cash payment that we made in conjunction with the WhatsApp acquisition, which closed earlier this month. 
Turning now to outlook, I'd like to start by noting that my forward-looking statements include the impact of both Oculus and WhatsApp. In addition, as part of the WhatsApp deal, we agreed to file a registration statement to register for resale the approximately 178 million shares issued to the WhatsApp stockholders. Nearly all of those shares will be fully registered and tradable during open trading windows in Q4 2014 and Q1 2015 under the Registration Statement we plan to file later this week. 
In light of our recent acquisitions and our plans to file this Registration Statement, we are providing some additional guidance this quarter, including a more specific outlook on the current quarter revenue and a preliminary view on 2015 expenses. This is a more detailed outlook than we have historically provided, or plan to provide, on future earnings calls. 
Let me start with 2014 expenses. We expect our full-year 2014 total GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue, stock compensation and the amortization of intangibles, will grow approximately 45% to 50% versus the full-year 2013. This increase from our prior range of 30% to 35% is primarily due to the impact of the WhatsApp acquisition on stock-based compensation charges in the fourth quarter. 
We continue to expect that our full-year 2014 total non-GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue but excluding stock compensation and amortization of intangibles, will likely grow in the neighborhood of 30% to 35% versus the full-year 2013. 
Turning now to revenue, we expect that total revenue in the fourth quarter will grow in the range of 40% to 47% versus the same quarter of last year. Please keep in mind that Q4 of 2013 was our first holiday season with the rollout of news feed ads at scale, which makes for a more difficult comparison. 
For taxes, we anticipate the GAAP tax rate in the fourth quarter will be approximately 45% to 50%, which is higher than the current rate due to large, nondeductible stock-based compensation charges related to the closing of the WhatsApp transaction. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate should be similar to our Q3 rate. 
For share count, we expect that our fourth-quarter fully diluted share count will be approximately 2.8 billion shares, taking into account the shares that we issued upon the closing of the WhatsApp deal. We expect that our 2014 CapEx will be at the low-end of our prior $2 billion to $2.5 billion CapEx guidance. 
And lastly, while it is relatively early, I wanted to provide some preliminary color on our expense outlook for 2015. As Mark discussed in his remarks, we believe that we have very substantial growth opportunities in front of us, and we plan to invest aggressively to capitalize on those opportunities. As such, we plan on 2015 being a significant investment year. 
Our current expectation is that total cost and expenses on a GAAP basis, inclusive of stock-based compensation charges related to the recent transactions, are likely to increase 55% to 75% compared to the full-year 2014. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect total cost to increase approximately 50% to 70% compared to 2014. Tax rates for 2015 should be similar to our fourth-quarter rates on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. 
In summary, we're very pleased with the growth of our network, the great momentum we continue to see in our ads business, and the significant investments we're making to drive near-term and long-term growth. We have large opportunities ahead of us, and we're focused on capitalizing on those to achieve our mission and drive long-term shareholder value. 
With that, operator, let's open up the call for questions.