Answer_1:

    Yes, I think, Moshe, what I would say is that if you look, as we referenced, it was roughly $1.6 billion a year ago. It was $500 million in the second quarter, and it was roughly $1 billion this quarter.
I'd go back to -- and I think we've been pretty consistent. If you go back to 2010 and look at the build over the course of four years from both a litigation and a rep and warrant perspective, I think you can see that we have had more of that over the course of a three-and-a-half year period than anyone else out there.
And as we look at the remaining pipeline we put it in really four different buckets. The first is the GSE bucket for rep and warrant, which with one exception we have got global settlements from the end of 2008 back with Freddie and Fannie. So as we look at that bucket we feel very good about that.
We then go to the second bucket which is mono-lines. You've got global settlements with three of the five mono-lines, and we have established the reserves for the remaining two based on that history of the three.
We then go to the rep and warrant. With respect to the private label securities, the $8.5 billion Gibbs & Bruns case, which represents half the exposure, continues to go through the court process and we'll be back in court on that I believe in November. And obviously we set up reserves at that point based on the Gibbs & Bruns history; and as we have said before, for that which we didn't have the basis to establish a reserve, we put out a range of possible loss for rep and warrant that continues to be up to $4 billion.
And then you move into the other piece that we have, that's the RMBS securities litigation. During the quarter, the Luther, Maine settlement received preliminary approval during the quarter, and we will look to get final approval by that sometime during the fourth quarter. And we obviously set up a reserve; and that settlement was for $500 million which represents in the ZIP Code of 65% to 70% of the Companywide exposure that we have for RMBS litigation.
And then the other two pieces that we continue to work through in that bucket are the HAFA litigation on behalf of Freddie and Fannie as well as AIG. And there is really nothing to report new on either of those fronts.
And what you saw during the quarter, as we said, was really an adjustment to the reserves based on as we get more information and to the extent that there are additional discussions with some of the people that we're in a party with those discussions, too.

Answer_2:

    Yes, I think -- let me be a little bit more specific when we go back to it, because I think the one thing that has been overlooked a little bit -- and this is not a number we are particularly pleased with. But if you go back to the beginning of 2010 and look at the combined litigation and rep and warrant expense that we have had in this Company, it has been over $40 billion, which I think is quite a bit higher than the number that they quoted.
Obviously, those numbers are particular to each institution. But I think as you look at what we have tried to do, that those numbers have been significant and I think at this point relative to our peers we have tried to be out front and get through some of the larger settlements that we have. And we think that $40-billion-plus number reflects that.

Answer_3:

    I think let's talk about the production first. You remember that we had a lot of HAMP going on, and that has been dropping each quarter as we get through the volumes of that. And that had a pretty good impact; I think it was down roughly $3.5 billion or so linked quarter.
The rest of the production continues to move forward. But if you look at what is really going on as we speak, because during the third quarter you had significant changes July/August as we ran through pipeline, etc. The current pipeline stands at a level of 30,000-odd. The current application volumes today are 1,000 plus, around 1,000.
The purchased piece of that has maintained relatively constant, 300-ish a day. So if you think about that, we have sort of a month-and-a-half pipeline, and that has been pretty consistent as we got into September and to October. So if you extrapolate that out you should see production levels that will be down again in the fourth quarter, but will start to mitigate.
The issue on the revenue is the spreads come in and the refinancing volume is at a higher profit margin because the work is not as much. So we expect to see a lot like we are seeing now, spreads that have come in a couple hundred basis points or so, and we expect that to hold and the volumes will come down, and so I think the number will continue to work in that direction.
What you do mention is the other side, which is the rep and warrant exposure, and stuff that goes through there, and stuff that changes it. Bruce can touch on that.
But in terms of overall volumes, we have started taking the people down to match the volumes. You remember we had a lot of work to do here. If you look at our non-HAMP production it has continued to grow each quarter.
Our home equity loan production has doubled in the last few quarters and we'll continue to drive that forward. As we have told you many times it will never be a huge business for this Company, because it is a business which is very competitive out there and the profit margins will always be thin. But we need to do it for our customers and clients.

Answer_4:

    And on the rep and warrant front, you are right, the rep and warrant expense was just over $300 million a quarter. And we clearly would expect that the run rate of that expense is going to be much more in the $150 million a quarter type run rate as opposed to the $300 million-plus.

Answer_5:

    Yes, I think once again our comments will be assuming that we don't see any slippage in the economy. During the quarter, if you look at the reserve release, roughly $250 million of it was from purchased credit-impaired, and roughly $1.150 billion from the core.
As we go forward I would think about the provision -- or excuse me, think about the reserve release much more consistent with what you saw in the first and second quarters of this year over the next couple quarters. And then ultimately as we get into the latter part of 2014 and beyond, you'd expect most of that to go away.
But I do think there are probably another couple quarters where it could be in line with what we saw in the first and second quarter. Clearly not at the third quarter of this year given the sharp improvement in credit we saw.

Answer_6:

    No, it is not.

Answer_7:

    I think as we have said, that number tends to be lumpy. And I wouldn't say that there was any one specific item during the quarter that you could point to. It was really just a continued evaluation of the reserves as well as reflective of any current discussions that we are having with the different parties that we are trying to work through this with.

Answer_8:

    That's correct.

Answer_9:

    Yes, I think I would say a couple things on that, Betsy. That once again we told you at the end of the second quarter that we would get the number of 60-plus-day units down below 375,000 units by the end of the year. And you can see during the third quarter alone we got them down below 400,000, so we feel particularly good with that guidance.
There is a lot of work that goes on in a quarter to move out and to get these servicing transfers done as it relates to both our own teammates as well as people that we use to help us with that. So that is why you saw some of the numbers Q2 to Q3 a little bit sticky.
But the point that you raise I think is the right one, which is -- now that you've got the loans out you have the ability to take the expense out. And that is why we would expect the expense reduction in the fourth quarter to be greater than what we had seen in the third quarter.
I think as you look out at and as you look through 2014, the guidance that we have given is very -- really remains the same. And we feel more comfortable with, given the delinquencies, that as you go through 2014 you should see that expense number go from below $2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013 to below $1 billion by the end of 2014.
And it always can be a little bit lumpy, but you should see that occur generally consistently throughout the year.

Answer_10:

    Our SLR numbers are fully loaded at both the Bank Holding Company as well as at the subs. And as we look at CCAR what I would say is I think we have been consistent on this, that we have done it and done everything we can both in the way -- intrinsically the way we run the Company, which in many respects is not inconsistent with what you get tested in CCAR, in that we have built our Basel 1.5 ratio up significantly from last year. The Basel 3 ratios across the board are up.
As you look at both credit risk and market risk, those have obviously gotten better. And we have continued to put the legacy issues behind us.
So as we look at -- we obviously were able to return $5 billion to the common shareholders during this year as part of the CCAR process, and we will look to move forward from that, realizing that until we see the exact case that we are running and what the test is, I think it is probably premature to say anything more than that.

Answer_11:

    I think that is fair, John. You are always a little bit subject to mix, loan pricing, as well as rate environment. But that is clearly the trajectory that we are on; so the answer would be yes.

Answer_12:

    Yes, think it is important -- and the one thing that doesn't come out when you look at this slide is, it is not that we saw much variability in either FAS 91 or hedging effectiveness during the third quarter. It was that we had some benefit in the second quarter when you had the sharp increase in rate.
So as long as you are within a reasonable range where rates aren't bouncing around, you shouldn't see much of that. But keep in mind that what you saw in the first and second quarters was because of the largely unprecedented movement up in rates that we saw, that gave us the FAS 91 benefit.

Answer_13:

    Well, it gets reset so that you don't have any aberration from quarter to quarter. The only time you have an aberration on a run rate basis is when the underlying rates move.

Answer_14:

    Yes, I want to think we are in the same ZIP Code both on a 100 basis point steepening as well as a 100 basis point parallel shift. The guidance that we have given was it takes us about three years to earn back any impact in OCI.
We are a touch better than that this quarter. If you look at the supplemental you will see that the level of debt securities is down modestly, as we are very sensitive to managing that OCI risk.

Answer_15:

    John, that is really difficult to say. I think that the punchline is that it can be lumpy. And we obviously do and work hard each quarter -- to the extent that we can get things put behind us at reasonable levels for the shareholders, we do that.
It is an evolving process and it is something that we are working hard on. At the same time there is no question that the expense was elevated this quarter.

Answer_16:

    Sure. I am not sure I understand your question on the mortgage expense --

Answer_17:

    No, as we referenced on the front -- on the legacy piece we talked about the 2.3 going to 2.2 and how we will have that below 2. As we talked about, we needed to get through the pipeline on the front end during the third quarter, which we did. The 1,000 people that we referenced on the front end happened late in the quarter.
As I mentioned we are 1going to continue to reduce t1hat, to size that for the volumes that we are seeing now. But we have not put out a specific number on that.

Answer_18:

    Yes, we typically -- if you look at combined Investment Banking and sales and trading you tend to be in the mid to high 30s, and I don't think you are going to see any significant variations in that Q3 to Q4.

Answer_19:

    John, one thing on the -- both in the mortgage and otherwise, as Bruce talked about, the actions we've taken during the quarter to reduce headcount overall in the Company, a lot of it is in the second half of the quarter. So you always get a continuing-on effect of that.
And by the way, next quarter as we reduce further LAS and mortgage you will see it go into the first quarter. So it does lag; and it is just the nature of the severance accruals you take at the time plus as we move the headcounts out, paying them on, as you go on the severance also in certain cases.
So you should expect that those volume-related reductions will continue to move forward. And the economics of what we did in the third quarter is probably more in the fourth quarter than it is in the third quarter.

Answer_20:

    Yes, I wouldn't really note any specific change there, Glenn. It is something that we continue to look at. The one thing I would say that we are working hard on -- and this really flips more to some of the capital and central clearing type things -- that as we continue to have more and more of that migrated, that is going to benefit certain capital ratios as we look at counterparty.
So I think that the ongoing -- to the extent that there is an economic negative going forward, we are obviously continuing to spend a lot of time with that. The one piece that is a little bit more tangible that we worked through is that there will be some decent benefits over the course of 12 to 18 months as more and more of that gets migrated.

Answer_21:

    I think as you think about the markets business, one of the things that Tom and team have done is got the -- as we talked about in various quarters -- has kept the breakeven point relatively low. So in a quarter which the equities business was very good for us, comparatively -- but the fixed income business, which is a lot bigger than the equity business, was obviously down -- we still made $0.5 billion.
So the goal there is to be able to serve our clients and customers well and keep the balance sheet in good shape, but also keep the expense base. So that when we get $2.5 billion to $3 billion we start making some decent money. And then in the good quarters we will make a good amount of money, and Tom and team have done a good job to keep that expense base in line.
And most of the expense increase here is with litigation and things that were not fundamental, just show up in line of business related to broader question.

Answer_22:

    Yes, if you just look across the last four quarters you see it. But the key was going from 11 to 12 we move the fundamental level, so there is good operating leverage. You get another $1 billion in revenues, a lot of it comes through net of -- with incremental compensation here.

Answer_23:

    Yes, I think a couple things and I'd just kind of reiterate a little bit, we touched on, is that we have made over the course of the last 12 to 18 months the investment of having more bankers in the branches and trying to do more things with our customers. And the two things that we feel best about as you look at that growth in cards to over 1 million cards in the quarter is that -- the first is that 63% of those people, once again, we already have an existing relationship with and obviously know something about and are trying to do more with.
And the second thing I would say is that as you look at the overall FICO and credit quality of those borrowers, they tend to be in the mid-700s on average. So it is the right customer; it is sold the right way; and it is part of an overall deepening strategy.
And now that we are starting to see some of the balances creep up, it is reflective of that activity, which I think, quite frankly, was overshadowed a little bit as we cleaned out some of the affinity and other programs, that the new stuff that you saw got overshadowed by things that were leaving the books. But now that we are largely through that, what we are doing on the front end is starting to come out.

Answer_24:

    Sure. What happens is that typically you mark your pension OCI once a year as you update the asset values and assumptions at year end. You typically do that on an annual basis.
Because we merged several pension plans at the end of August, we were required to remeasure those assets as of the end of August. And that $1.4 billion reflects the change in value from Jan. 1 to August 31; and then obviously we will remeasure those again at year end.

Answer_25:

    Yes, I think if you look at our client base, which ranges from small businesses through the largest companies in the world, I would say all of them feel very good about their operating position. They are making money, have done a tremendous job of keeping a cost structure in line.
I had an example of a company that had 200 employees; their sales were going to grow by 25%; and they said we are only going to add five employees. So American business has gotten very efficient.
But when you put on top of them the uncertainties, because they are all engaged in global commerce, the macro uncertainties at the world level, the US level, I think there has been an uncertainty hold-back here that will come through as more and more clarity both in the economy -- i.e., final demand for their products -- and the macro situation comes clear.
So is it a sprint out of the blocks? No. They are running forward; it will probably be a speedup of the process. And you saw some of that this summer with some of the M&A activity and stuff in the larger companies has strengthened and you are seeing it go on.
So I think there is demand in the system, so to speak. There is money on the sidelines from the investor side. And the more clarity, you will see better activity.
Meanwhile, underneath it, you see the core economy continue to push forward even with all the things going on around the world.

Answer_26:

    Sure. You have a couple things going on. The first thing I would say is that the expense number during the third quarter of last year -- and I'm going to speak to -- if you flip to slide 10 for a moment. That if you look at that All Other bucket, which is I think what you are referring to, that $13 billion in the third quarter last year was particularly low. If you look at where was in the fourth quarter it was at $13.4 billion; so that can bounce around by a couple hundred million dollars. So realize it was off a low base.
You did see a couple things, though, in the third quarter of this year that you wouldn't have had. The first is that the Wealth Management revenues, which there is a fair bit of formulaic compensation, are running at, as I mentioned, at higher levels in 2013 than 2012; so you have some compensation there.
The second thing that you had this quarter, as Brian referenced, is we took down headcount. We had roughly $100 million of severance that came through the P&L during the quarter.
The third thing that you had during the quarter that I referenced is you had some elevated marketing expense that will go down in the fourth quarter, that you also didn't have in the third quarter. So a combination of a variety of items.
But I think what we would say is as you look to go forward you should see that red bar come down based on our overall expense initiatives as well as New BAC.

Answer_27:

    And remember also that when we give you these reduction numbers we are not giving you a reduction and saying that then we are growing elsewhere. This is a net number that you pointed out. So all the investments we're making and from the third quarter last year to the third quarter of this year, you are seeing the mortgage production costs go up, which will come back down. But all the investment we made in salespeople to do the cards that we talked about earlier, small business lending, investment services that you can see at the branch level, we can see the numbers growing there -- all those are in those numbers.
So all those investments are more commercial bankers that are helping our commercial loan growth. And yet we are overcoming them.
And then you have the natural salary increases and stuff like that are all absorbed in that. Then you have -- the nominal numbers are flat; and, frankly, if you back out a couple of the things that Bruce just mentioned are down.
So we are comfortable on course for New BAC. But remember these numbers are absorbing all the usual costs that we do plus the investments in the business, which we are making strong investments in the areas that we have growth opportunity.

Answer_28:

    That's correct.

Answer_29:

    As far as just notional size of the balance sheet?

Answer_30:

    Yes, I think at this point what I would expect is that generally speaking the securities book should remain relatively consistent with where it is. And then if you look at the loan book I would say that you are going to see that the loan book as well as the shrinkage of the debt footprint will be absorbed through deposit growth, as well as a reduction to some extent in our parent Company liquidity as we are carrying an elevated level of parent Company liquidity to address the significant debt maturities in 2014.
The net of those, which I thought you were getting to initially, is that you should continue to see this balance sheet in the $2.125 billion to $2.15 billion type area. But as we go forward we should continue to get it to be more and more efficient.

Answer_31:

    Yes, I think one of the things that we haven't talked about in a while is we still have significant runoff portfolios that we are replacing. We still have -- which gives us the ability to grow the core business without growing the balance sheet footings.
And I think that is something that will help us in our capital levels, that are already very strong today, going forward. Because effectively we don't need incremental capital to grow the balance sheet, even to have commercial loan growth and other types of growth that you are talking about.

Answer_32:

    Yes, and you know, by the way everything is on the NIM is still -- the short rate move drives a lot of profit because the deposit franchise is an advantaged funding source, as you well know.

Answer_33:

    I think the best guidance that we'd give at this point is we have got roughly $600 million a quarter in New BAC to get done over the next five to six quarters.

Answer_34:

    Yes. But then you've got to remember, you've got to add back some of the LAS costs -- the subtract in there. But there is always -- LAS is a servicing business; it is always going to have some costs  to.

Answer_35:

    Sometimes people take that lower number and multiply it times 4, but you've got to remember parts of those other costs will also be in there.

Answer_36:

    Roughly $1.4 billion a quarter, Mike, relative to $2 billion a quarter that we had previously announced.

Answer_37:

    That's correct.

Answer_38:

    I think what we said was at the current run rate level you should be expecting that to hit the bottom line.

Answer_39:

    We do not put out a litigation reserve on a standalone basis. The number that we do put out is where we are in rep and warrant, and that was just over $14 billion at the end of the third quarter.

Answer_40:

    That's correct. $14.1 billion.

Answer_41:

    That includes another $5.5 billion for a variety of matters.

Answer_42:

    As we have said before we would need to look at that based on the circumstances that come out at the time. I don't think it is a foregone conclusion it goes one way or the other.

Answer_43:

    I would say that the -- we really haven't -- and one of the things that we have tried to do and we will continue to optimize, particularly the way that the Basel 3 standardized ratio works, that we are focused more and more and for those places where we make credit commitments to have the loans be funded as opposed to unfunded, given the capital treatment that is out there.
So I would say generally as you look at line utilizations that there hasn't been much that has changed at all. Where you are seeing the loan growth has been more funded-type loan growth, in many cases for large, high-quality companies that are making acquisitions. A couple that we would have seen this quarter would have been Verizon Wireless as well as Amgen.

Answer_44:

    Overall, Mike, the loan utilization rates, they haven't moved around a lot but they are at low levels historically across the board, whether it is our business banking segment, the middle-market segment. And the large corporates don't really use their lines other than as Bruce described, when they are doing something inorganic.
But they are very low, which gives you two things. One, it indicates that they have got lots of cash and have lots of room for investments. But secondly, as the economy picks up, moving back the 1,000 basis points or so we are from more normal levels, for lack of a better term, there is a lot of loan growth within the -- without new customer relationships or any more work.

Answer_45:

    I think demand has picked up over the last couple years. I think that if a company had a line of credit in their dynamics, they are using it at a lower level than they did, not necessarily two years ago but during the normal economic times.
And that is the second point. The demand has been picking up across consumer demand and things like that; but it is still not as strong as it would be because it's a 2% growth rate economy out there.

Answer_46:

    It won't all just go, but I think it is safe to assume that less than half of it will be refinanced.

Answer_47:

    Yes, I believe, Guy, that at the end of the second quarter, I believe that we had said that the range of possible loss with respect to litigation was in the high $2 billions; and we will obviously need to freshen that up as we get the third quarter Q out. But I wouldn't expect to see anything significant one way or the other.

Answer_48:

    Yes, if you look at by business unit, I referenced that as you float through that you had -- you can see it in the Commercial Real Estate Service area, there was over $300 million of it there. There was roughly $300 million of it between banking and markets. And then the majority of the rest of it was in All Other.

Answer_49:

    Yes, I think the only two things is that you have obviously seen a little bit more brand that is out there. And then with CCB there was the acceleration of what we do from a charitable perspective from the fourth to the third. Those were the two items.

Answer_50:

    Well, no, is a great question. Really two things going on. Keep in mind, as we have said, because we have a decent chunk of disallowed DTA from a Basel perspective, that ballpark we will accrete capital on a pretax basis generally speaking as opposed to a post-tax basis for a decent number of quarters going forward. So, when you look at that, think pretax not so much post-tax.
And then the second benefit that you had, which was an earlier question, was the benefit of OCI during the quarter of roughly $1 billion after-tax or $1.5 billion pretax. And that was the combination of pension to the positive; and then to the negative CCB coming out, as well as some of the debt securities gains.

Answer_51:

    Okay. I think that's all the questions that we have, so thanks for joining us this morning.

