Answer_1:

    Over the past year on these calls we've been talking about our three priorities in growing our ads business -- mobile, measurement and product innovation. I think what you're seeing here is all three of these are paying off. Obviously the transition to mobile is a really big one. We had almost no mobile ads a year ago. We're up to 41% this quarter. We've done a lot on measurement. And product innovation newsfeed ads has been the most important thing we've done there. We've done other things, as well. In terms of the marketer segment, all four marketer segments are growing and contributing to our growth. So, we're seeing both the increased supply that we talked about with newsfeed ads, but also the increase in demand that all four of these marketer segments represent.

Answer_2:

    We don't break out by segment, the four market segments. But, again, all four are growing. Mobile app install ads, they're small but they're important and they're growing rapidly. It's basically a totally new market. People who are selling either mobile apps as their revenue, or things that are bought through mobile apps, are looking for a way to find new customers. And we represent one of the only ways and a very effective way to do that. So, we're growing quickly and I think we're helping to grow this market.

Answer_3:

    Targeting is really important because what takes an ad and makes it a good ad is whether it's relevant to you. When I see something on Facebook or anywhere that I'm interested in, that's a great experience. When I see something that I'm not interested in, that's not. So we've done a lot of work around targeting. The most important work we've done over the past years, and I think you're seeing its results in this, is around Custom Audiences, which allows people to use their data in a privacy-protective way with us. It enables them to show different ads to people who are current customers versus new customers who are interested in different things. And I think we're really pleased with the adoption. The number of marketers using Custom Audiences more than double doubled in Q2. And we're now up to the 50 Ad Age 100 who have already started using the product. We also think there's room to improve. We can do more, and we will continue to do more to improve the targeting, the relevance of our ads.

Answer_4:

    Sure, I'll answer the Instagram question. Kevin has always been clear that we're building Instagram to be a business. And that we expect that over time we're going to generate a lot of profit from it, and probably through advertising. Now, that all said, right now it's just growing so quickly. The number that we just said was 130 million monthly actives. The video product is growing really quickly. There are so many directions to expand this in, that we think that the right focus for now is to continue just focusing on increasing the footprint of Instagram. And when the right time comes, then we'll think about doing advertising, as well. And I think that's going to be a really big opportunity.

Answer_5:

    In terms of growth opportunities, I think in terms of vertical categories we have big growth opportunities across the board. There are certainly verticals where we're stronger than others. We're very strong, for example, in CPG. But even though we've grown spend significantly, we're still a tiny portion of the spend of CPG advertisers. So, even in the verticals where I think we've done very well starting to penetrate, there's a lot of room for growth. I think as you think about different industries using the power of online marketing, we see different levels of adoption. But I'm a believer that over time this is where people are spending their time. And any marketer who's trying to reach people is going to spend their resources here, as well.

Answer_6:

    Yes, I'm a big believer that there are revenue opportunities that exist all over the world. And our growth was very strong across regions, including outside of the US for this time. We're up to over 40 offices, so we have sales teams on the ground in over 40 offices. And we're seeing really good adoption and really good growth across. You mentioned Asia. I was actually in Japan and Korea meeting with advertisers just a few weeks ago. And we are seeing companies that really weren't doing much with us a year ago increasingly adopt us as part of a core part of their spend. So I remain very optimistic about our growth across Asia and the rest of the world.

Answer_7:

    Thanks for your question. Your first question about direct selling versus programmatic, the mechanism that most people buy ads from, from  Facebook, is through the option that we offer. But that doesn't mean that we don't have a sales force that's out calling on clients. Sheryl can expand on that, if she wants.

Answer_8:

    Yes. We sell both directly through our own sales team, both in person and online -- what I think you mean by programmatic, which is through third parties, such as DSPs and others. One thing worth noting is that FBX, which is part of that programmatic selling, is actually a very small part of our business. And I think sometimes people don't understand that. That piece is quite small. We are expanding both our direct selling efforts, both the sales teams and online, as well as the third parties we work with. And we think having a healthy and growing ecosystem on both sides is really good for the development of our business.

Answer_9:

    And you asked about investments looking forward to next year. I think philosophically is the easiest way to answer that, which is, we still think we're early in the journey of building the service that we want Facebook to be. And there's lots of work ahead of us to do and lots of things to build. And our plan will be to continue to invest aggressively in the areas that we think are important to improve our strategic positioning, and to drive our ability to grow revenues and profits over the long run. We also know that to be the great company that we want to be, we have to be disciplined in everything that we do, and focus our spend on the areas that are really most important. So, the challenge for us, just like any company, is finding that right balance. I really can't comment on 2014 yet, honestly, just because I don't know what 2014 is going to look like. We tend to plan in six-month blocks, and I think have our act together pretty well for what we're going to try to do in the second half of this year. But haven't begun the conversation about next year yet.

Answer_10:

    I think we may have lost the question, but I'll take the first half while we wait for the second piece to come back. On the first piece, our system works that you can buy by CPM or CPC, and we let advertisers choose. I think both parts of our business are healthy and growing. I think when people talk about impression-based purchasing or buying, what they're really trying to get at is brand. And brand is a very important one of our four segments, and one that's growing. When you think about what brand spenders are doing, they're trying to get discovery. And I think we've made a lot of progress there. We now work with every one of the global Ad Age 100 over the past year. Now that said, people are in different parts of that spectrum. We have brand advertisers who are looking for discovery, who have advertised with us for a long time, proven the value, and are really expanding. And we have others that are newer, that are experimenting, that aren't as convinced yet. And it's our job to get there and convince them. 
I think what people are increasingly seeing is we have a big brand opportunity. We have a massive and engaged audience, 88 to 100 million people in the US during prime time hours on Facebook. We offer discovery. And we have a unique opportunity to take people all the way through the funnel. In one example, a recent one that I really like, T-Mobile did an ad campaign with us to attract people to sell new phones. They used our offer ads to do it. 9% of the people who claimed the offer converted to T-Mobile within 10 days. And they had over a 20 times return on their ad spend, which is just incredibly strong in the industry. And I think that shows the power of what we can do with impressions, taking people all the way through the funnel.

Answer_11:

    And, Anthony, I'll try and answer your question about CapEx, as best I could. You got cut off, as you probably know. So I only got -- well, I don't know how much of it I got. But I got enough to give it a shot. And, really, the best way I can think to answer it is to describe for you the variables that influence what CapEx requirements are for the Company. So, clearly, the number of users is near the top of the list. And also the time at which the users use the service. So, adding users who are off peak, the Facebook peak, provides less of a burden for our infrastructure than people who are using it at the same time as our peak hours, because we can leverage what we've built to peak. 
A second thing is definitely the level of engagement of those users. And that seemed to be where you were going with your question about vide. That is and will continue to be, we hope, something that drives up requirements for our infrastructure, because it means people are really engaging and finding new ways to use the service. What has helped us, I think, is the two variables that come next. One is just the cost of the equipment itself in the data centers. And over time Moore's Law and other things, and competition in the market, have helped us to really be able to bring down the cost for each unit of equipment we use. 
And then the next variable which I mentioned in my remarks, which I think is a really important one, is just the efficiency of what we build. So, over time, I think Facebook has impressively succeeded at making the hardware we use more efficient, and the software that we run on it more efficient in terms of how much compute power that it needs. The last variable, of course probably the hardest to predict, is product development. It's just what we build and how that influences what the compute requirements are. So, clearly, the variable you emphasized, which was engaging with higher content things, is one of the things that will influence CapEx over time. But it's a pretty complicated equation that I think right now we're managing well. I think we're pleased with how 2013 is coming together in that regard.

Answer_12:

    In terms of the progression of mobile, we're really pleased overall that newsfeed ads, in general and on mobile in particular, are working so well in terms of the performance they're providing to marketers, and how users are engaging with them. For a new product like this, I don't think we should be that surprised that the quarter-to-quarter progression is going to be harder to predict than it would be for a more mature product. I think one of the things that happened in the second quarter is that, as the investments we've made started to really come together, we had a lot more demand in our system that met the quality bar that we set for feed. So, we were able to place that demand intelligently in a manner where it performed well, and didn't have a meaningful impact on the user experience. So I think that more feed-eligible demand was a big part of the story. 
And I think one of the really good pieces of news for us is how well the price held up as we did that, as we increased the number of ads we showed in feed. For many of our ads, as you know, marketers are bidding for clicks in an auction, and the auction determines the price where supply equals demand -- the cost per click price. And in the second quarter -- and this statistic I'm going to give you is relative to the first quarter of this year because it's hard to do a year-over-year for mobile and for newsfeed because it just didn't really exist a year ago -- so Q2 relative to Q1, the number of clicks in our system went up a lot. And we might have assumed that price would decline as click number increased, because we're basically pushing out the supply curve and changing the point where supply would meet demand. And that's not what happened. Cost per clicks for feed ads increased, and really demonstrating to us that demand was growing rapidly, as well, as we were increasing the supply of ads we were showing. It's not a perfect comparison because Q2 is seasonally stronger than Q1, but I don't think the seasonality explains the trend I just provided. And I think that's a really encouraging metric for us. 
Your second question was -- I wrote it down. Hold on. Oh, time spent. Unfortunately, we don't have a lot of longitudinal data for time spent. It's not something that we had instrumented well going back more deeply in time because it's hard. It's hard on every interface and it's particularly hard on mobile. We feel pretty good about where we are now in terms of the quality of the instrumentation. It is up on a per user basis. As you would imagine, quarter-over-quarter sequentially on a per user basis it will be growing slowly. On an aggregate basis, of course, it's benefited from the fact that we have such a nice and consistent increase in the number of daily users of this service.

Answer_13:

    In terms of the 5% number, again, what we know is where we are now, and we're pleased that things are going as well as they are at the current level. The number was zero a year ago. It's increased steadily over the past year. And the 5% number is an average number globally. It does differ by geography and it also differs by person. It will be higher for people for whom we have a lot more ads that are targeted towards them and are relevant for them. What we're trying to do is find the right balance ideally for each user, where we're balancing their experience with Facebook and the performance of the ads. And continually tweaking the product, learning from our experience, to try and do that as well as we can. Going forward, I think we've been consistent in saying the biggest opportunity for us is to improve the quality of the ads so that we can show ads that are engaging and relevant for the users involved. 
Your question about what drove the increase, I think everything contributed. I think that's one of the things that's encouraging about where we are, is we do have more users, we have more demand that enabled us to show more newsfeed ads. We're really pleased with how click-through rates have held up. And I mentioned what was happening in terms of cost per click increasing sequentially. So it's a nice balanced contribution from the variables that determine what our revenue performance is.

Answer_14:

    On video ads, we have a current video ad product because marketers can embed a video in a page post. And we see a lot of marketers using that product and seeing good results. So the demand to do more on video on Facebook is there. And we're exploring how we can expand that, but we don't have anything new to announce today. In terms of Europe, we hear the same things, and obviously on the macro environment. But our growth has been very strong. We had a new head of our European operations, as well, Nicola Mendelsohn, who just started. We're excited to have her. And we are experiencing strong growth.

Answer_15:

    Yes, I can take the platform question. The strategy for that, we've shifted a bit to focus on building more business tools for developers. A lot of what we're seeing is folks have shifted towards using products like mobile app installs. Originally we had a little bit of skepticism about how happy developers would be with a system where they would pay to get more distribution. But what we've actually found is that the NPS is really high for this because it's just a lot more stable than anything else that they've had in the past. And it's the most stable way they have to grow their apps. What we're basically focused on doing now is we think about advertisers in terms of these use cases that folks have. There's local businesses, there are great brands, there are developers who are building apps, there's eCommerce. And we're really focused on building out the platform to be one of those big verticals to be a big part of the business. There's also the games part of the platform, which is the first piece of platform that we launched. And that is just continuing to grow at a slower but steady rate.

Answer_16:

    Your second question was about progress through the quarter. Nothing notable to report there. It was really a strong quarter from the beginning to the end.

Answer_17:

    I think we're early. One of the interesting things over the past six months or so is reaching 1 billion people was this big rallying cry for the Company for a long period of time. And I think as we've passed that, we've seen the ambition that the Company has, grow. Reaching 1 billion users was a great first thing to focus on because no one had ever built a service that had 1 billion active people who are signed in, had a real identity before. But, in a way, it's actually just an abstract. There's nothing magical about 1 billion. The real goal is to connect everyone in the world, and help people map out everything that there is. What I think what we're seeing as some of the products succeed is just the ambition increase to be able to do more of these, and taking on more longer-term things. 
At the same time, I think what you have is, we weren't happy with the quality of our mobile experiences, rewinding 18 months. So we had just a lot of foundational work to do. And I think coming into this year we could tell internally that we were turning a corner on that. We were in good shape and could start to play a bit more offense. But, as I think the numbers from this quarter suggest, I think we're really starting to see the up side of some of the investments that we've been making over the last period.

Answer_18:

    Okay. In terms of pricing, we were pleased with the pricing growth in the first quarter, too. The net across the world was a 3% average in the first quarter. But that was much higher in the US and Canada because, again, for the same reason it wasn't impacted by the price floor change. It was above 25% in the US and Canada, and was even stronger in the second quarter. And, similarly, in other territories, I think pricing's just going really well. And would be stronger than the results show if not for the impact of the price floor. We'd probably have numbers that are similar to the US and Canada, if not stronger, in our other regions, as well. 
In terms of the comps, I don't think there's anything particularly complicated to what I was saying. It's just if you're looking at the percentage growth rates for Q2, you're comparing to a quarter last year that really didn't have much mobile revenue or newsfeed revenue in it at all. And that really started to ramp up in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So it's there in one side of the comparison going forward.

Answer_19:

    In terms of where the growth is coming from, in terms of ad units, in terms of our market segments, direct response marketers were a very big contributor to the growth. It's why I started with them in the remarks and in the Q&A. ECommerce doubled year over year, and they're doing that by using a bunch of our different ad products. Everything from posts to offers to other things. But it's really about looking for those contributions. We've also seen a lot of growth, as I said, in mobile app install ads. Small market but growing rapidly. And it's a market where we offer a product that there's almost nowhere else to get the kinds of return and opportunity we offer.

Answer_20:

    I'm just going to add one more thing just in case I, in any way, created any confusion. I have no evidence that I did yet. But the price per ad that I was talking about in this question reflects not the same thing as the cost per click that I answered in a question earlier, because price per ad will also incorporate the click-through rate as well as the class per click for a click-based ad. And also includes ads that are purchased on an impression basis. So, most of the pricing metrics we provide are per ad, inclusive of click-through rates and impression-based ads. The CPC metric I gave earlier was just, I think, a specific and useful metric in understanding how much strong demand contributed in the second quarter.

Answer_21:

    I think direct response marketers have had more opportunities to use our system, use our product. And we've also made a very major investment in helping them measure returns, and helping them connect what's happening both online and, as well, as throughout the system. So, direct response marketers tend to be buyers, they have an ROI metric. They're looking for that ROI metric, and their budgets are flexible around those ROIs. So, as they've invested with us, and hit their ROI metrics, their budgets go up and they make those adjustments very quickly. That's why, when they start using the products and see the value they create, they're able to grow very quickly, even within a quarter or within a week or within a month, because they adjust to their budgets.

Answer_22:

    Yes, I can take this. Hiring great people, especially engineers, is one of the biggest challenges that any technology company has. We're doing really well against the hiring goals that we have. But there's a systemic issue where our country doesn't produce the volume of engineers that the companies would want to hire. And I think that that's a lot of what you hear these companies talking about. We're doing really well competitively right now. We have a really strong program on colleges where we can continue to attract a lot of the best people who are graduating. We do really well at hiring senior engineers from across the valley, as well. But it's just something that we invest a huge amount of time in. It's really important.

Answer_23:

    In terms of where we're growing by category, I've mentioned CPG, gaming, retail. These are vertical categories where we're very strong. But, again, we're growing. You're watching people really experiment. One of the things that's been really fun to see, even though it's not a paid product, is GE's Instagram work. GE is doing super interesting photos on Instagram, which show us that other industries are also going to adapt to the social environment and to some of the new ways to reach customers globally.

Answer_24:

    On the first, Custom Audiences is small but growing in importance. We doubled -- what I said was we doubled the number of marketers using the product Q2 over Q1. And that also has included getting us to 50 of the Ad Age 100. As I've talked about, the large brand advertisers, the Ad Age 100, have a long sales cycle, and it takes a lot of work to get them to adopt products. So, seeing adoption this quickly of something, we think, shows how powerful that targeting is. In terms of some of the more programmatic ways people buy, we think it's really healthy for us to have multiple sales channels. We like having a direct sales channel, which we have in our over 40 offices. We like having online and robust sales because that means that, even in countries where we don't have offices, we have the ability to sell into those markets. We also like having an ecosystem of what we call PMDs -- third-party sellers who can work with our clients to provide some of the features that we don't have, or some of the capabilities that they may not have in-house. And so for us we'd like to see all of those sales channels continue to grow and thrive.

Answer_25:

    I think that there are a bunch of different kinds of products that you can ship. Every day we ship a lot of tweaks to the products, or small changes to existing products. Then there are going to be products like Instagram video which is really doing well. And it fits very naturally into the current flow of how people use Instagram to capture moments that they're proud of. So that makes sense, and I think the team did a really good job there. Things like Home and Graph Search are really new use cases. In the case of Home, it's a new category of products that's different from anything that exists out there. And I think of it more of a seed that we're planting, that is going to create a completely new pillar of the ecosystem, rather than drafting off of behavior that people already have in the system today. So, I definitely think that we just have to look at this over the long term. And when we're building models for the Company, we basically think that this is going to be something that we will invest in for years. And we expect these to become market-leading products. And they're doing things that no one else really has the strategic position or content to be able to build these products. So we're excited about them. They're just going to be longer-term bets. But I think you want to look at the different things we're doing in terms of how naturally they fit into the flow of a person's day-to-day life today, to get a sense of how quickly it's going to ramp up over time.

Answer_26:

    Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.

