Answer_1:

    Eric, why don't I take the beginning of that and then Sheryl can augment with some additional color? So when you think about Instagram, we're seeing great growth there with the community. So this past quarter, we announced 700 million daily -- sorry, monthly actives, so that was a big announcement. And that's broad-based growth across the globe so we're pleased with that. In terms of the development on the advertising side, we're not specifically breaking out Instagram revenue, as you know, because that's sold through the same Facebook ad interfaces. But we're seeing really good contribution and good growth there. And we're developing it across a wide variety of ad products. So VR is becoming a more significant part of the Instagram story, whereas it was originally more brand-focused, but we've expanded the product offerings on the direct response front. And we're continuing to bring more ad products to Instagram.

Answer_2:

    We're pretty excited about what's happening in the Instagram ad space because Facebook and Instagram are the 2 most important mobile ad platforms. And there's a special property with Instagram, which is that the increasing visualization of ads and the creative canvas it offers with the science behind the Facebook targeting and measurement systems is really a pretty unusual combination. We're also seeing very broad adoption including small customers. We're pretty excited to have 1 million advertisers and 8 million Instagram business profiles on the platform. To share 1 example, an online store in Brazil called [Lohanama], they sell decorative items and accessories. Their business owner, [Joanna], took photos of her products on her phone and then created ads with our Shop Now button. She targeted young audiences in Brazil who are interested in fashion, decoration, movies and architecture. And during the period of her campaign, Instagram accounted for 78% -- 79% of her sales. And I think what that shows is the power of the very sophisticated targeting we offer across our platforms, along with really the ability to use a very simple tools like a phone to create very sophisticated but visually compelling ads.

Answer_3:

    Yes, Doug, why don't I take the decel question on the U.S. and Canada. I don't think there was anything particularly surprising about the deceleration in the growth in U.S. and Canada. We've been talking about expecting a deceleration in ad revenue growth, and we saw that play out U.S., Canada modestly. Obviously, we're particularly pleased that there was really strong demand that benefited regions like APAC and Rest of World so really broad-based strength in APAC. And then Rest of World, we saw a rebound in Latin America. So especially, Brazil so we're seeing some particular strength there. So I think that, sort of, I think, was a big highlight. On the content front, we're looking at investing in kickstarting an ecosystem for longer-form content on Facebook. And that involves us working with content providers to develop that content. In the long run, we expect it to be a revenue share model on the platform. And obviously, we're going to be -- we're going to be in an area where we're sharing revenue with content providers so it's going to have a different margin profile than core Facebook News Feed from an expense profile perspective.

Answer_4:

    I think you pretty much got that.

Answer_5:

    You can start with the stats, Wehner?

Answer_6:

    Yes, I can start with the stats. So on -- yes, Mark, on the engagement front, we're seeing time spent growth per DAU across the Facebook family of apps and that includes Facebook itself. Instagram has been strong, especially with feed ranking and Stories. We're not breaking out specific time spent stats on a quarterly basis on those. And then on the Messenger monetization front...

Answer_7:

    I can talk about the strategy. Yes, so the first thing that we need to do on Messenger and WhatsApp is get a lot of businesses using it organically and build the behavior for people that they reach out to businesses for different things, like customer support or for getting news content, things that may not eventually be the big business use cases but establish the behavior of people interacting not only with their close friends but also with businesses. In terms of making money on that, once we have that behavior, I think that there are going to be a number of ways that we can amplify that. We're already experimenting with a couple. One is ads that actually display in News Feed, not in Messenger or WhatsApp, but that link to the ability to communicate with a business directly in Messenger or eventually WhatsApp. And that's great. I mean, it converts better for the businesses. They can have a better dialogue with the person, a persistent relationship. So that's one way that I think that this will be valuable. The other way is, of course, eventually showing paid content in Messenger whether that's in the inbox or in relevant ways throughout the product. But the top priority right now is just building up the base of organic interactions between people and businesses that they want to interact with. And once we get that to a big base, I think there are going to be a lot of opportunities to build the business. And the business will be proportional to the amount of that activity that people want to do organically.

Answer_8:

    Sure, Justin. Not breaking out specific drivers on the supply side, supply growth was healthy and we had contributions from users, time spent and ad load in the quarter. In terms of what drove the improvement in the pricing, it's strong demand. So that's playing through in the face of a little bit slower supply growth. And so you're seeing, of course, the auction drives the pricing and there's interplay between the supply growth and the pricing growth, and we're seeing the strong demand play through on the pricing side. When we get to lapping our efforts on desktop, I do think you're going to -- just you have a secular trend away from desktop, so that's going to be an overall factor in desktop -- our ability to grow and maintain the desktop business, so I think that's an underlying factor. We're always going to be in a back and forth with ad blockers on the desktop side, so I think that's going to constantly be a thing that plays into the desktop revenue.

Answer_9:

    Sure, Colin. I'll take that first one. So yes, impression growth was 32% in Q1, as I noted. And that was a bit slower than in previous quarters. Those of you who have been following us for a while know that periodically, we make changes to the product that it's going to impact some of the metrics. One of the things that I would call out in Q1 as a contributing factor on the impression growth side was our decision to rank longer-form video higher in News Feed. That means more time in video. And that does come at the expense of some impression growth in News Feed. So I think you do see some interplay there on the impression growth side due to our focus on video. And then Sheryl was going to follow-up on the video ad spending.

Answer_10:

    On TV, we are definitely seeing people continue to advertise on TV and use us as a complement. Over time, we believe that the dollars shift with eyeballs, and we want to earn it from our clients and be the best dollar and the best minute they spend and help them measure across channels. I think increasingly, the question is not you can do without TV but if you can do without mobile. And we're working hard to help advertisers develop the video creative that really works for mobile because that makes a really big difference. And we think the combination of the creative working for mobile but also the measurement and targeting we can do is a very powerful offer. To share one of my favorite new examples, Subway working with their agency, 360i, developed video ads and images for Facebook and Instagram to promote their limited-time offer Reuben sandwich. And they used Audience Insights, targeting people aged 18 to 49 who purchase meat and cheese. And that's just pretty incredible targeting. Nowhere else I don't think you could actually target that way and people interested in fast food and encourage them to visit Subways. They then used Nielsen Brand Effect and were able to measure a 16-point lift in ad recall and a 5-point lift in intent to visit Subway. So it's a really unique combination of the power of creative that was designed for video for mobile with very specific targeting and very specific measurement.

Answer_11:

    I'll talk to the content and AI questions and then someone else can talk about the ad piece. The short answer is yes. AI tools over time will be able to do a better job of flagging things for the set of people who are in the community ops teams that we can prioritize what we look at. A lot of what we're trying to do here, it's not just about getting content off Facebook. Last week, there was this case where someone was using Facebook Live to broadcast -- or was thinking about suicide. And we saw that video and actually didn't take it down and helped getting in touch with law enforcement, who used that Live Video to communicate with that person and help save their life. So a lot of what we're trying to do is not just about taking the content down but also about helping people when they're in need on the platform, and we take that very, very seriously. Over time, the AI tools will get better. Right now, there are certain things that AI can do in terms of understanding text and understanding what's in a photo and what's in a video. That will get better over time. That will take a period of years, though, to really reach the quality level that we want. So for a while, our strategy has been to just continue building intuitive tools as we can because no matter how many people we have on the team, we're never going to be able to look at everything, right? So that's going to be a big challenge. But given the importance of this and how quickly Live Video is growing, we wanted to make sure that we double down on this and made sure that we provide as safe of an experience for the community as we can, which is why we're almost doubling the size of the community ops team to focus on some of these issues around safety on Live Video. But over time for sure, more AI will do this, but this is over a period of time.

Answer_12:

    John, I think your question then was on ad breaks and the mid-roll type of format. I think there, we're testing the ability and are putting short ad breaks into longer-form live and on-demand videos. Tests are going well, but it's really early days to talk about that being a significant contributor. So we're working to continue to make those products better and continuing those tests. But it's early. We are -- on that front, we're focused on building out the best video experiences for our community and growing longer-form content as a priority. And ad break is going to allow us to have a monetization strategy with that longer-form content. So like I said, it's early.

Answer_13:

    So yes, Heather, on the -- on Stories, again, it's a pretty similar answer, I think, to ad break in the sense that it's early in terms of using -- putting -- using the ads format in Stories. We certainly rolled those out. They are not in the ad load calculation per se. So it is different, as you said, from the ad load commentary that I've given. But obviously, it's very early on those products. And then, Sheryl, you had the question about measurement metric.

Answer_14:

    Yes, we know that measurement is so critical. And we really want to measure core business results and focus on becoming the #1 growth driver for our clients. We are continuing to constantly review our metrics. When we find bugs or errors, we're reporting them to our clients and addressing the issue and continuing with that analysis as we work through all of our metrics. We're also very focused on extending measurement partnerships and third-party verification. This last quarter, we extended viewability measurement to the Audience Network, add another verification partner, double verify for video and display measurement and introduced our MMM portal so that we can help people measure across all of the different platforms and compare the effectiveness of their ad spend no matter what their end goal is.

Answer_15:

    All right. Well, I can start by talking about augmented reality. The big step forward that we announced at F8 is that there are lots of different apps that have cameras in them right? Or that independent developers just build an app that has a single camera effect. But what we're basically seeing is that there's so much innovation and so many different types of effects that people are creating that we didn't want developers to have to build their own separate app and get to a huge scale in order to build some new kind of visual tool. So we built  -- we're making the cameras inside the whole family of apps into the first augmented reality platform, into an open platform, which is different from what any other apps that has a camera has done before. It's going to open up a much greater diversity of use cases, not only making it so that use cases like face masks, the style transfers that we already have, you're now going to have thousands of options instead of just 10 or 20 at a time. But there are also going to be all these new kinds of things that we're not even building today that developers will be able to experiment with. One of the examples I showed at F8 was around using object recognition and computer vision to be able to point your camera at something and then tap on it and get a card of information and maybe even a buy button, right? So there are lots of different ways that, over time, this kind of content is going to both augment existing real-world objects and eventually replace them, which I think is going to be an interesting opportunity, maybe not on augmented reality on the phone but on glasses eventually when you have that. I think we're going to get to a point where things like TV, you no longer need a physical TV. You'll get a $1 app that you can watch a screen on. And it will just be an interesting exercise to see how many of the things that we have that are physical things don't actually need to be physical in that world and how much innovation that opens up for independent developers all around the world. And a lot of people don't have a factory, right, where they can build a TV. But think about how many kids and different developers around the world, kids sitting in dorm rooms and all these different places, they're going to be able to create things that today they couldn't. So I know this is going to create a pretty interesting economy, but a lot of that stuff is pretty far out, 5, 10 years. But we want to be pushing this forward. And we -- I think we're a little bit late to the trend initially around making cameras the center of how sharing works. But I do think at this point, we're pretty much ahead in terms of the technology that we're building and making it an open platform, I think, is a big step forward. A lot of people are using these products across our family of apps, and I would expect us to continue leading the way forward on this from this point on.

Answer_16:

    When you think about influencer marketing, we definitely see publishers interested in it, brands interested in it. And so we've worked on branded content, the ability to tag a sponsor and share posts and insights. And the financial arrangement remains between a sponsor and a publisher. It's early, but we're seeing some positive results with publishers of many different types bringing branded content to Facebook. In Q1, we opened this up to unverified pages, so we could enable more people to take advantage of this kind of targeting. We see this in a broader context of better targeting. When you think about what really drives great performance for both people who are using Facebook but for marketers, it's well-targeted ads. And so influencer marketing is one way to get there, but we're focused on a very full range of ability to target well. We've been really pleased with the adoption of our targeting products from Custom Audiences to Lookalike to Dynamic Ads. And we think all of these can improve the relevance of the ad by making ads more targeted because when they're more targeted, they have higher returns for marketers and they're more enjoyable and relevant for people.

Answer_17:

    And I'll just real quickly address the ad load issue, Mark. Sorry if it wasn't clear. Really no change in outlook there. We continue to expect that we'll see deceleration in ad revenue growth. And that's going to be particularly pronounced as we get into the second half of 2017 because ad load will be a less significant factor driving growth starting in the second half.

Answer_18:

    On the issue you raised at the Facebook female engineers, I'm really glad to have a chance to address this because this is an issue I take very seriously. On the specific report on this study, the study was conducted by a former employee with very incomplete data. When that study was shared with people internally, and we have that culture where people do studies and share things, and we're really glad because that helps surface issues, we immediately conducted our own research using the full data. And what we found is that the main reason code was sent back at different rates was not correlated with gender. It was correlated with level, and the fact that we have more male senior engineers was explaining it. If you compared now and female engineers at the same level, there was not the discrepancy. Well then, that leads to the obvious question is, are you promoting men and women at the same rate? And the broader question of are you paying men and women fairly? And we do a comprehensive look at that every single promotion and pay and performance cycle we have, which is 6 months. And we know that we're promoting men and women at the same rate as men. Now, that said, our industry still has issues and we still have issues. We don't have enough senior female engineers. We don't have enough women going into computer science. And we take this very seriously from the work we've done with LinkedIn to get CS&E lean in circles all over college campuses to encourage more women and underrepresented minorities to come into our field. We've had a really nice program in extra internship, where we're taking people who are not yet majoring in computer science but we think have the ability and teaching them for summer and seeing them return to the work we're doing with our female engineers to make sure that all forms of bias are surfaced and eliminated and we can continue to use the full talent of the population. Nothing is more important to us.

Answer_19:

    I don't know if we have any public stats on the video tab. Probably not. But in terms of the strategy, I can talk about that quickly. There are 2 basic use cases for checking in with Facebook and seeing what's going on in the world. What people do with News Feed a lot of the time is they have a few free minutes or you want to sit down for maybe a longer session to see everything that's going on in the world. You don't have a specific intention to watch a specific type of content. You kind of just want to check in and see what's going on in the world. There's this whole other use case around content, which is going because -- going to the app or sitting down at TV because there's some content that you want to watch and you want to go directly to it. And that's what we're trying to do with the video tab, to make it so that all the different folks whether they're pages that you follow or creators that you like, who you want to subscribe to and kind of -- and get the updates to what they're doing that you have a place that you can go to with more intent to consume that content. The reason why it needs to be a different tab or at least a different service from News Feed is because people come to it with a different intent. I think you're going to start in the future getting people coming to Facebook for the News Feed use case of checking in and people coming with an intent to go to the video tab to watch specific video. So that's what we're doing there. That's the strategy. And I guess we'll update on stats when we have them.

Answer_20:

    And, Ross, on the costs related to the video ad rev share, yes, our guidance on total cost is all inclusive, so it includes all the R&D investments we're making. It includes the content. It includes things like community operations investments that we talked about today in the announcement. But I would say that the nature of the types of video content deals that we're doing, will make them more likely to show up after 2017. So there'll be some content expense in 2017, but I think it'll be something you will see step up after 2017.

Answer_21:

    I can talk about marketplaces first. So I think your basic point is right that the reason why we started working on marketplace and the tab around that is because when we were exploring what the biggest use cases were of Groups, we uncovered that a very large number of people, hundreds of millions, use Groups to buy and sell different things. And so these whole communities that have formed, which was somewhat surprising to us honestly because we hadn't developed that product specifically for buying and selling. It was for group communication, and that's what people are using it for. So we decided, "Hey, we're going to put together a team that's going to invest in making this actually good for buying and selling and see how much we can grow that economy." So I don't know that have any public stats on that yet, but that's an area that I'm certainly very excited about. And then in terms of local communities, one of the big trends in the world that we've seen is just that participation in all kinds of different physical communities, whether they're sports teams or some religious groups or different kinds of different things, have been declining a lot over the past several decades. And that, I think, is a big social issue that is eroding the social fabric of the whole society, not just our country but around the world. And that's one where I look at that and I wonder if Facebook can play a role in helping to strengthen that. And we look at -- there are more than 1 billion people every month who use our Groups product. But if you think about your own use of the Groups product, you probably are a member of a bunch of different groups that you may be checking on very infrequently. So that's very different from there's a handful of people, around 100 million or a bit more, who are a member of what we call a very meaningful group. So it's -- that could be a parenting group or you're diagnosed with a rare disease and you can now connect with people all around the world to share stories around that. These are groups that upon joining may become one of the things they spend the most time with on Facebook, one of the most important parts of your experience and a really fundamental part of your real-world support structure. So we looked at that and we asked the question of, "Hey, if 100 million people are in those very meaningful groups today, can we get that to be 1 billion people over the next several years?" And if so, then that can help reverse some of the decline in community membership and help strengthen the social fabric not only in our country but around the world. So that's a big part of what we're focused on across a number of different initiatives.

Answer_22:

    And I'll talk a little bit about the ad break, what we're seeing. It's really early both in terms of testing the ads and getting any feedback from users so people who use Facebook, so we don't have that data to share. But we're pleased that the test is active. We're pleased that it's going well and that we can do both Live and uploaded videos. We think over time that marketers will follow where people are spending their time. And if the ads can be well targeted, we think we'll be able to see engagement and we already see that. When ads are really well targeted in taking full advantage of the kind of targeting we offer, that you're showing people something they want to see, we see engagement that we think is really critical. It's also worth noting that the metrics that really matter at the end are driving sales. And so any of the engagement with ad metrics, whether it's remembering an ad, going back to, say, people have been measuring that for a long time to how long a video ad is viewed, our only proxy metrics, what matters is the impact on sales. And so we think the better we can do at getting the measurement to what actually matters, which is the end behavior marketers are trying to drive, the more people will shift their focus to business metrics, the better it will be for the return they get and ultimately our business.

Answer_23:

    I can talk about sports. So in terms of experimenting with different content, I think we'll try a number of different things here in terms of working with folks to produce all kinds of content. Sports is probably something that we'll want to try at some point. But again, like Dave said before, the goal is going to be creating some anchor content initially that helps people learn that going to the video tab, that they -- that that's a great destination where they can explore and come to Facebook with the intent to watch the video that they want. And then the long-term goal is actually not to be paying for a specific content like that but doing a revenue share model once the whole economy around video on Facebook is built up. But we're working on that. And I think we'll probably look at different pieces of content like this around the world, but, at this point, don't feel like any specific one of them is a must-have for us.

Answer_24:

    And I think Mark touched on the question of a business model here, and our focus really is on revenue share. We'll be investing to kickstart the ecosystem with content, so derisking it for some of our content partners to start off with. But the focus is really to build a rev share model over time that's sustainable. That's the focus as opposed to other models. In terms of why mid-roll is preferable to pre-roll, Facebook is well suited for shorter form content where we're ranking things to be longer-form as well so we're ranking longer-form video. But that's still relatively short video views. And for that reason, we think mid-roll is a good -- is a better user experience.

Answer_25:

    We think that targeting and measurement are significant competitive advantages for us. We're very focused on the privacy of what people do, wherever they do it and using the information we have in a very responsible way. We believe that because people are sharing interests, because people are themselves their real identity on the Facebook platform, we have a significant advantage. Just in basic targeting itself, just age and gender, we're 38% more accurate than broad-based targeting according to Nielsen in the U.S. And that's just age and gender. And then if you think about some of the case studies I shared, targeting people who purchase a certain item, targeting people who are interested in a certain item, we think that's very substantial. We also think that there's a real competitive advantage in focusing on business results as we have. We're really working on shifting people to understanding what their real objectives are so that they can focus on driving businesses. At the end of the day, when you show an ad, you want to move a product off a shelf into a shopping cart, whether it's online and off-line. And that's where our focus is and will continue to be.

Answer_26:

    Great. Thank you again, everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again.

