
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's first-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO, and David Ebersman, CFO.
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future financial performance of the Company. We caution you to consider the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. These risk factors are described in our press release and are more fully detailed under the caption Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2013. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is May 1, 2013, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
During this call we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Facebook website at investor.fb.com. A rebroadcast of the call will be available after 6.00 PM Pacific Time today. The earnings press release and accompanying investor presentation are also available on our website. After management's remarks, we will host a Q&A session.
And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.

Thanks, Deborah. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We got off to a good start this year with strong engagement in growth across the community, several major new product announcements and some good financial results. Sometimes it surprises me that our community can still grow so quickly beyond 1 billion active members. More than 100 million new monthly active members have joined in the last half a year. But now there are more than 650 million people who use Facebook every day. That's more than 60% of our community every day. We continue to see high levels of engagement globally across our whole community. We take our stewardship of this very seriously. We want to make sure we give every person in the world the power to share. And we're proud of these results.
Overall, there are three main parts of our strategy -- build the best mobile product, build a platform with new services that leverage the social graph, and build a strong monetization engine. I'm going to use my time here with you today to give my assessment of how I think we're doing in each of these areas.
Let's start with Mobile. One of the products I'm most excited about is Facebook Home. It's a family of apps that you can install on your Android phone to make the home screen of your phone much more personal and about people, not apps. We know that people spend an average of 20% or more of their time in apps on Facebook, staying up-to-date with the people they care about are doing. We each open the Facebook app maybe 10 to 15 times per day. But we probably check our phones over 100 times a day. So with Home, you can see fresh news and content from people and topics you care about every time you turn on your screen. It really brings your phone to life and provides a completely new experience.
This product is still very early and this is just the first release in a long journey. We're planning on iterating quickly and tuning things based on feedback. We haven't really started encouraging people to install it from within our apps yet and it's only available on a few phones. But over the next few months we hope to push this out much more broadly and get this in the hands of a lot more people. We're excited about Home because we think it's a great product. But Home is also an important milestone for our Company. This is a completely new kind of mobile experience based on people, not apps. And we think this is how phones and computers should work. I'm looking forward to sharing more with you on the experiences that are borne on mobile that we're building over the rest of this year.
Now, beyond Home, I'm really proud of how Instagram is doing. Kevin and his team have made amazing progress since last April. When we agreed to acquire them, the Instagram community had 22 million people actively using their service every month. And today, over 100 million people are using Instagram each month. The Instagram community is growing even faster than the Facebook community did when it was this size. And the two communities complement each other to create some great experiences where you can capture any moment in your life and easily share it across all the communities you care about.
Next I'd like to talk about platform and building new services using the social graph. A couple months ago, we announced a new, richer and simpler design for our newsfeed, that's more visual and engaging for all the content that you might want to consume. From news stories from the New York Times to pins from Pinterest, or activities from a game that you play. This new design opens up a nicer canvas for content for every developer and publisher out there and we think it's going to create a lot more opportunities for engagement. Early feedback has been positive on the versions we've rolled out on iPhone, iPad and desktop web and we're looking forward to rolling this out more widely soon.
For our development platform, we've had a long road map to build the tools for iOS and Android, to make building social apps and advertising with Facebook, as easy on mobile as it is on desktop web. We completed this transition by bringing Open Graph to mobile this month and our efforts are paying off, with now 81 of the top 100 grossing iOS apps, and 70 of the top 100 Android apps integrating with Facebook and continuing to grow.
One of the developments that's been interesting is seeing how big of an opportunity mobile apps can be for Facebook. Because of the roles Apple and Google have in this space with their app stores, it wasn't as clear early on what kind of role Facebook would play. But I think it's clear now that we can create a lot of value for developers by providing a platform for identity and distribution where we're starting to see real revenue through selling mobile app installs. We just announced the acquisition of Parse, a platform and service provider for mobile apps, as part of our strategy to provide greater support for developers. Both of these products make it easier for developers to create and grow their apps and this could be the start of something much bigger.
Now I want to talk a bit about monetization. I just mentioned mobile app install ads, which are growing quite well and have become one of our most important new ad products. This supports our hypothesis that Facebook should help you discover new apps and content that you may want to use. And even if not every recommendation we make is one that you take, I think this is still starting to provide some really good content for our community, in addition to the business opportunity here. This type of ad makes sense to me on mobile. On desktop web, most ads encourage you to visit a new website. On mobile, it makes sense that most ads encourage you to visit apps instead. And in order to visit apps you first need to install them. So these ads are the obvious first step.
On mobile, the set of companies that produce apps is much broader than what you might think of as traditional developers. Every major brand, company or service wants to build apps as a store front or interface for their customers. And each of these companies wants to reach their customers to encourage them to install their apps. This market is already big and I expect it to continue to grow quickly.
One more thing that's important to reinforce here is that we continue to measure people's satisfaction with all the content they see on Facebook, including ads. We haven't seen any meaningful impact on satisfaction and we're continuing to watch this very closely. This is important to us as stewards of this community. We aspire to have ads -- to show ads that improve the content experience over time. And if we continue making progress on this, then one day we can get there.
So that's my update on our strategy for this quarter. We've already accomplished a lot so far this year. We've seen strong growth and engagement across our whole community, several major product announcements and good financial results. We think the products like Home and Graph Search are big opportunities to deliver some unique and important services to the world, that we're positioned to do better than anyone else. But these services are also big, long-term investments. So I want to be clear up-front that we're making these big investments because I think these are important areas for us to focus on.
Now, finally, I want to take a moment to thank everyone who works at Facebook, and everyone who makes this community great. All of you are contributing to building these new experiences and helping more than 1 billion people stay connected. So thank you all. And thanks to everyone on this call for being with us today. I look forward to having more to share and report on next quarter. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Sheryl.

Thanks, Mark. As Mark said, we had a very solid start to this year and we're excited about the opportunities ahead of us. Our first-quarter total revenue was $1.458 billion and total advertising revenue grew to $1.245 billion. This means that ad revenue was up 43% year over year, faster growth than we had in any quarter in 2012. We believe that this shows that our ad product innovations are helping marketers reach customers effectively. Our growth is particularly strong from new small and medium-sized marketers, direct response marketers, and app developers. I want to use my time with you today to update you on the progress we've made in our three strategic ads priorities -- mobile, measurements and product innovation.
First, mobile. As Mark has said, having billions of people carry social devices in their pockets, checking them multiple times a day, often checking Facebook, is a huge opportunity for us. A recent comScore report showed that in the US, people spend more time on Facebook than on any other app on their smartphones. The opportunity for us to connect people to each other and to marketers has never been greater. We are uniquely positioned to offer marketers massive reach on a daily basis. In Q1, mobile was approximately 30% of our ad revenue, up from about 23% in Q4. Importantly, we're seeing strong growth in our mobile ads business all around the world, particularly in Asia.
As an example, our mobile app install ads performed very well this quarter. We offer developers a unique opportunity to drive downloads of their mobile apps, as Mark talked about. During the quarter, 3,800 developers used these ads to drive nearly 25 million downloads. Of the top 100 grossing apps on both iOS and Android in the last week of Q1, about 40% of them used our mobile app install ads. In gaming, travel, eCommerce and financial service industries, the early indicators are that our cost per install are highly competitive. In one example, British Telecom provider O2 used Facebook as its only digital marketing channel to promote its new music app, O2 Tracks. In just three days, they reached 9 million people and got to sixth place in iOS apps in the UK.
Second, I want to discuss our progress in measurement. One of the challenges we face is helping marketers understand the value of our ads. This has been a major focus for us over the past several quarters. We're partnering closely with our clients to help them understand how their campaigns are performing and this measurement work also helps them gain a better understanding of their customers, which then makes their future campaigns even better. In the last nine months, we've conducted campaign effectiveness studies on over 100 campaigns across CPG, auto, retail and telco.
One of these studies was with Bud Light. Bud Light ran Page Post ads to its 5.8 million fans on Facebook and these ads appeared in all of our placements, including mobile newsfeeds. We worked with Datalogix and found that these ads reached 20% of US households and had a 3.3% sales lift, yielding a 6 times return on ad spend, A result we are very proud of and Bud Light is really excited about. We plan to continue to invest heavily in measurement with our clients throughout the upcoming year.
We're also really excited about our acquisition of Atlas which closed just last week, and I was able to welcome the team to Facebook earlier today. Atlas is a really important part of continuing to develop our measurement capabilities. For the past decade, digital marketers have primarily measured success by focusing only on click. But this oversimplifies how people make purchase decisions, both offline and online, because it ignores everything people do and see before they do that last click. Smart marketers are looking for a better way to value all of the impressions that they buy and engage, leading up to purchase. Multiple industry-wide studies have validated this multi-click attribution approach. For offline sales, both Nielsen and comScore have repeatedly shown that clicks are not a good predictor of sales lift.
For online sales, aggregate knowledge found in an analysis of more than 500 online campaigns, that when clients move from allocating their advertising spend using last-touch attribution to using multi-touch attribution, it saw a 33% increase in actions, conversions and sales. In a study of campaigns from Q4 2012, they found that when measured holistically, cost per acquisition on Facebook is 68% less than other online channels. Datalogix studies validate this finding as well, demonstrating that, on average, 99% of people who saw a Facebook ad and then bought a product in the store never clicked on an ad at all. We believe the Atlas platform will help us demonstrate even more clearly the connection between ad impressions and purchases. We can help marketers measure the effectiveness of their ad impressions better, not just on Facebook but across the entire Internet. This means we can take the advancements we've made in measurement on Facebook, including our integration with Nielsen and Datalogix, and extend them to a much larger audience and to many more purchases.
Third, I'd like to highlight product innovation in apps. Over the last year we've invested heavily in product innovation and I'm excited about what we've accomplished in a relatively short period of time. As always, our top focus is on the results we generate for marketers and we're pleased to see the ROI we can provide, as well as providing a good experience for our users. We continue to innovate new targeting capabilities that make it easier for businesses of all sizes to reach the right people, both on desktop and on mobile.
In Q1, we gained traction with our Custom Audiences product. This product allows marketers to reach their target audiences based on their own customer databases or databases maintained by third parties. For example, a marketer can target ads to customers who have not returned to their store in the past month, but who have made purchases before. This product improves our targeting and generates higher ROI for marketers and a better ad experience for our users. We're really pleased with our adoption of this product. In Q1, more than twice as many marketers used Custom Audiences than in Q4, including 23 of the Ad Age 100 top global marketers, and many other important clients. Companies from hotels.com to Intuit to Virgin America are seeing success with this product.
In April, we launched another powerful targeting product, Partner Categories. This enables marketers to use third-party data from Acxiom, Epsilon, and other data providers to target their ads. For example, we can deliver ads to the 12 million people in the US who are likely to purchase a car in the next six months, or to the 19 million people who are active purchasers of hair care products, households that purchase hair care products at multiples of other households. Or to the 23 million people in the US who are heavy soda drinkers. We apologize, Mayor Bloomberg.
We have also seen more customers begin to use FBX, and we recently launched FBX to newsfeed on desktop. We think this will continue to drive the advertisers' options, given that we generally see higher engagements for ads in the newsfeed. In the last six months of 2012 as one example, retargeting platform AdRoll saw 70% lower cost per click on Facebook than on traditional web retargeting. FBX was so successful for them that by the beginning of Q1, AdRoll reallocated 63% of their total impressions to Facebook.
Overall, we feel really good about our first quarter results. We've made tremendous strides in mobile; we continue to improve our measurement capabilities, most notably with our acquisition of Atlas; and we continue to innovate on our key advertising products and tools. We're still in the early days of developing our ads business and the huge opportunity ahead of us and we thank all of you for your continued interest in our business.
Thank you, and now I'll turn it over to David.

Okay. Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to share with you the progress we made in Q1 against our key financial objectives -- to increase revenue, to invest aggressively to drive our future growth and to position the Company to maximize long-term returns for our investors. In March, on average, 665 million people accessed Facebook each day, up 26% from last year, and representing 60% of the 1.11 billion people who used Facebook during the month. Consistent with last quarter, mobile continues to drive growth in visitation and engagement. 751 million people accessed Facebook from mobile devices in March, up 54% from last year. These numbers do not include Instagram, which continues to grow rapidly, as Mark mentioned.
Turning to revenue, in Q1 total revenue was up 38% and ad revenue was up 43% compared to last year, driven by the strong performance of newsfeed ads. Exchange rate had no meaningful impact on our revenue growth rates. Ad impressions were up 39% and average price per ad was up 3% compared to last year. The product changes we made and discussed last quarter -- primarily lowering the price floor in our auction -- had a significant impact on the price and volume year-over-year comparisons. In the United States and Canada, where the price floor changes had a smaller effect, average price per ad increased over 25% relative to Q1 of last year, driven by higher engagement and performance of newsfeed ads.
Mobile ad revenue came in at approximately 30% of ad revenue this quarter versus zero last year, and desktop ad revenue in Q1 was essentially flat with last year. As we've discussed in the past, most of our advertising clients do not specify that their Facebook ads be shown on desktop only or on mobile only, but rather they put their ads into our system and allow us to show the ads on whatever device where the ads will perform best. Because of this, the flat desktop revenue does not reflect a particular trend relative to desktop demand so much as it reflects the fact that more of our available ad inventory is being shown on mobile, because that's where people are spending increasing amounts of time and because the mobile ads perform well. We believe our aggregate ad revenue number remains the most important reflection of our performance in terms of increasing overall advertising demand. And the most important ways for us to continue to increase ad revenue are to grow users and engagement and to build advertising products and measurement tools that increase demand from advertisers of all types around the world.
Total payments and other fees revenue was $213 million in Q1, an increase of 15% versus last year. Payments revenue from games was up 12% so we believe 6% represents the best apples-to-apples comparison in terms of the increase for payments from games, if we adjust for items such as the Q4 change in revenue recognition timing. We're pleased that Q1 represented our largest three-month quarter of games revenue to date, despite a 37% drop in year-over-year payments volume from our largest developer, as our other developers increased their payments volumes by almost 60% and we saw a record number of people playing games on Facebook. Games revenue in Q1 benefited from the growth of games launched over the past year and also from our efforts to increase games distribution, usage and payments conversion. We believe Facebook continues to offer a compelling platform for developers to build great games and businesses and we will continue to invest in this area. Overall ARPU increased 12% to $1.35 for the quarter, including a 21% increase in the United States and Canada, and double-digit gains in the other major regions as well.
Shifting now to expenses, in Q1 our total GAAP expenses were $1.08 billion. Excluding stock compensation, total expenses increased 56% to $895 million, driven primarily by headcount and infrastructure spend to support our growth. We continue to expect that our total non-GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue but excluding stock comp, will likely grow in the neighborhood of 50% in 2013, consistent with what we said last quarter, as we continue to invest in products to grow engagement and monetization.
Our Q1 GAAP operating income was $373 million, representing a 26% operating margin. Excluding stock comp, our non-GAAP operating income was $563 million, representing a 39% non-GAAP operating margin. Our GAAP tax rate for Q1 was 38% and benefited significantly from the realization of a one-time $94 million R&D tax credit in the quarter. Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate was 43% and we expect that our full-year non-GAAP tax rate will be similar to Q1.
GAAP net income and EPS for the quarter were $219 million, or $0.09 per share and non-GAAP net income and EPS were $312 million, or $0.12 per share. We spent $327 million on CapEx in Q1 and we continue to expect 2013 CapEx to be in the neighborhood of $1.8 billion, as we invest in servers and data centers to rapidly and reliably provide our products to people around the world.
In Q1, similar to Q4, upon the vesting of employee RSUs, we withheld shares and paid the associated income taxes for our employees which resulted in an outcome that's functionally very similar to Facebook having repurchased approximately $400 million worth of shares in Q1. We ended Q1 with $9.5 billion in cash and investments.
Overall we believe that 2013 is off to a good start. We're pleased with our financial performance, as well as our progress in product development. We're continuing to invest aggressively in new products that we think will drive long-term engagement, as well as products and tools to grow our revenues and increase returns for the advertisers and developers working with us. And we're excited about the opportunity ahead of us to build out the network of people using Facebook and to bring our unique assets in terms of reach, engagement and identity to our large and important market opportunities.
Now let's open the call for questions.