Question_1:

    Hi, good morning. Paul, I was wondering if you could give us a little more split on some of the drivers of the net interest income increase that you are expecting to occur between the fourth and first quarter, the $600 million. How much of that is driven by the Fed hike we saw on the short end and how much of it might be the long end in rates versus loan growth?

Question_2:

    Okay. And then the reason the 5.3 future sensitivity has now moved to 3.4 is you've rolled $2 billion into your base case outlook?

Question_3:

    Yes, okay, got it. That's helpful. And then a question for Brian on capital return and CCAR. Some of the other banks have used the de minimis exception to top off their 2016 CCAR authorizations. That leaves Bank of America standing out quite a bit on the low end of payouts versus peers. So I'm kind of wondering -- two questions -- one, how do you guys think about that de minimis -- you did well in 2016. Any reason that Bank of America couldn't think about the de minimis top-off? Are there restrictions on that or could you do that at some point this year on the de minimis?
And then second, as you move into 2017, what are your goals to get your capital distributions closer to peer payouts and why wouldn't you be able to do that? Thanks.

Question_4:

    Great. And that will take you through -- just as a reminder, Paul, that will take you through the end of this CCAR period, right?

Question_5:

    Great, thank you.

Question_6:

    Hey, good morning. Maybe I'll just follow up on the NII question a little bit. Does that guidance that you provided include the sale of the UK card business and what's the impact from that?

Question_7:

    Sure. So when we think about going forward, what kind of deposit betas are you assuming in that $600 million per quarter and how do we think about the next rate hike? Say we get one in June, which seems to be consensus, do you still expect to have very low deposit betas there?

Question_8:

    And you think that can continue into the third, the next rate hike?

Question_9:

    Yes, understood. Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks.

Question_10:

    Hello there. Two quickies. One on card, one on mortgage. On cards, you had some pretty good growth and we're seeing really big growth at some of the other big banks and some of the economics of the business are being given way to support that growth. I'm just curious on how you are balancing that of customer growth versus giving up some of the economics to capture that growth.

Question_11:

    I guess the super ROA and ROE support it anyway for the overall Company. And then the question on mortgage was production was good, but the pipeline fell a lot. Obviously a function of what happened in rate, but can you help us think about what to expect say next year if say rates go up along the forward yield curve? How do you model that? How can you manage the expense along the way?

Question_12:

    Okay, thanks very much.

Question_13:

    Hi, good morning. So Paul, I wanted to start off with a question on the FICC business. The revenues have been remarkably resilient over the last couple of years really helped by some of the factors that you cited, whether it be strong risk discipline, balance sheet management and the reduction in VAR. But as we look ahead, what we've been hearing from a lot of folks is growing optimism around the FICC business in the coming year and what I'm wondering is whether your strong risk discipline actually precludes you from participating in a significant recovery if that materializes to the same extent as some of your peers.

Question_14:

    Got it. And switching over to just the capital side for a moment, you highlighted the progress you made in reducing the GSIB surcharge to 2.5. I'm wondering, as you think about how you're going to allocate capital across the different businesses, whether that positions you to reduce your firmwide targets and maybe more specifically how are you thinking about your spot capital requirement today for the firm overall?

Question_15:

    Well, I think the tricky part there and admittedly, it's a complex topic is thinking about how much capital you need to get through the CCAR process unscathed or maybe under the new SEB framework, like what's the minimum capital requirement that you would need over which the remainder is considered to be excess and can be returned to shareholders over time?

Question_16:

    All right. Thanks for taking my questions.

Question_17:

    Hi, good morning. A couple of questions. One is on just the balance sheet and as you think about your cash duration, just the profile that you have today in a rising rate environment over time. Do you expect to stay more static where you are today or any changes that we should be anticipating?

Question_18:

    Okay, and then on --.

Question_19:

    And then just from the cash perspective, the LCR, could you just give us a little color as to where you stand there?

Question_20:

    So I hear you on that and it sounds like, okay, we have some excess cash and I guess that's part of the reason I asked the question. Is there any interest in moving some of that cash into [that]?

Question_21:

    Sure, no, I get that.

Question_22:

    Yes, that's good to hear. Other question was just on the improvement in the minimum capital ratio and the RWA reduction that drove that. Could you just give us a little more color on the drivers there and do you feel like you are optimized now for what you want to take in terms of risk relative to total size balance sheet?

Question_23:

    Right. Okay, thank you.

Question_24:

    Thank you. When you think about rate sensitivity and deposit betas, you get back to really deposit flows. We continue to see increases in deposit balances and until we see any pressure of those balances being deployed back into the economy, there really shouldn't be much impact on pricing. What is -- you are looking at the core deposit balances and what are the flows you are seeing and where is the growth coming from and are you seeing any pressure in the sense of thinking of those balances being deployed back into the economy?

Question_25:

    And then just two unusual things out there. The hedge ineffectiveness, can you give us the actual dollar amount? It looks like the day count will typically impact you about $150 million to  and then other fee income looks artificially low. If you could just give us some color on that line item as well.

Question_26:

    Other fee income.

Question_27:

    Perfect. We were right in that range, so that got us right back to the normal level. Thank you.

Question_28:

    Hi, so there's certainly a lot of positives on this call, whether it's deposits, loans, expenses, etc. But the end result is still a single digit return on equity or return on tangible common equity. And I know you want it to be higher. I know it's improved, but it's still below your peers today of 13% and below your target of 10%. So can you give us a target metric for ROTCE for 2017 or when do you think you get to that double-digit range where some of your peers are?

Question_29:

    As a follow-up, I know I ask this each year, but you just said wait and see and that's kind of been the answer. It just seems like, from an investor standpoint, you get a free pass. Like you will get to the double-digit ROTCE when you get there and as investors, we're just going to have to wait and see. It would be nice to have that metric or more color or -- or anything else you can give along those lines.
And maybe just for some more of that color, the efficiency ratio, I get it, you've gotten better, but it's still not where I think you want to be. It's 66% and your peers today that report it are under 60% for last year. What else can you do with efficiency, which might help improve that ROTCE to the double-digit range?

Question_30:

    You've come a long way with branches from 6,000 down to 4,600. Where do you think you ultimately could take that branch count and why all of a sudden are you reducing the level of ATMs?

Question_31:

    All right, thank you.

Question_32:

    Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Brian, maybe a question for you. I noticed on slide 19 of the breakout of the Global Markets revenue mix, 40% of the revenue in the past year coming from outside the US and Canada. As we look towards what appears to be a potentially more volatile market condition in Europe relative to the Brexit negotiations, which are set to start early in 2017, how are you thinking about that and what the effect could be on your sales and trading revenue in 2017?

Question_33:

    Okay. And then if I can just follow up on your earlier comments about the post-election positive sentiment. Can you give a little more color as to what your borrowers and what your corporate clients are saying in terms of what their demand -- the increase in their demand could be or are they holding back a little bit waiting to see what comes out of the Beltway over the next six to nine months??

Question_34:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_35:

    Thanks. Two quick questions please. One is on the -- can you just perhaps update us on your outlook for auto credit? It's been an issue that's been a bit of a battleground, particularly on the mid and low FICO range and I know that's not where you are concentrated, but I'd love to get your perspective there.

Question_36:

    And does the potential decline in collateral values present any particular concern to you guys?

Question_37:

    And just one quick follow-up on capital return. I just want to make sure I understand all the dynamics. It seems like there's two trends that are coinciding. One, of course, is the continued increase in targeted payout ratio as a percent of your earnings and then, of course, there is the expansion in earnings themselves. Is that the right way to think about it? Is there any other dynamic to consider?

Question_38:

    Great. Thanks very much.

Question_39:

    Thank you very much and good quarter, guys. Talking about mortgage banking a little bit, you talked about that you did about $22 billion originations in the quarter. And correct me if I'm wrong, Brian, but did you mention that you portfolioed three quarters of that onto the portfolio? And if you did, what was the breakout between jumbos, just a rough estimate between jumbos and regular conforming or were they all jumbos?

Question_40:

    Okay.

Question_41:

    We are seeing a lot more people portfolio before -- what you just said because the guarantees are so expensive. Is the PHH, is that all now consolidated down into your operations? The PHH stuff from Merrill Lynch that you brought over?

Question_42:

    Hey, guys, thank you very much.

Question_43:

    Good morning. Sorry if I missed it, but did you guys comment on the $53 billion expense target that you put out there? I think it's exiting 2018 is what you said.

Question_44:

    Okay, so even if revenue is better than expected, but it's rate-driven, that's not going to impact expenses materially?

Question_45:

    Okay. And then separately credit quality overall was very good. The charge-offs and non-performers. You did flag I think it's the nonguaranteed consumer early delinquencies. I think it was about 15% Q2 and a little bit year-over-year. Just anything to flag there, especially given how quality the consumer book is?

Question_46:

    Oh, I apologize about that. Okay.

Question_47:

    Okay. Then ex that impact, I assume the early stage delinquencies -- what would the early stage delinquencies look like?

Question_48:

    Absent that.

Question_49:

    Okay, all right, that makes sense. Thank you.

Question_50:

    Good morning. Brian, could you just talk a little bit about your deposit marketshare? You are up the street or around the corner from a company that showed us this morning that they are getting a lot of churn in their deposit base. So are you able to track whether you are benefiting from that?

Question_51:

    Can you just give us an idea of -- where are you gaining more marketshare through digital, mobile? Are you gaining more through people still coming in the branch?

Question_52:

    All of the above?

Question_53:

    Okay. My follow-up question is this. We have experienced or we experienced on November 8 a sea change in the thinking about bank regulation going forward. And everybody that I've talked to seems to think, even if there are not significant changes in what's on the books, that there will be, quote, a lighter touch in regulation. And I guess I would ask if you are thinking in those terms and if so, do you think that that will have an impact on your expense numbers, number of people you need to add in compliance, etc. etc. ongoing?

Question_54:

    All right, thank you.

Question_55:

    I've got a question for Paul. You made a comment about that the end of the quarter you saw some commercial activity. I know Brian referenced already some pickup in middle markets and commercial real estate, but can you give any further color of that commercial activity that you saw in the lending side at the end of the quarter?

Question_56:

    Great. And another question actually, Paul, obviously the banking industry has to live by a number of regulations that are dictated by the regulators on capital, liquidity, etc. Coming back to that operational risk capital number you gave us for businesses that you have exited and no longer are operating in, is that an opinion that the Fed has just laid upon all the banks or is that actually in statutes where to change it would require a lot of work versus if it's just the Fed wants to do that to make it extra conservative, maybe a new change in the Fed could maybe give you guys some relief there?

Question_57:

    And then just finally I think in your K you put your DTA from last year. It might have been around $25 billion for the deferred tax asset. Do you have an estimate yet for where it will stand at the end of 2016?

Question_58:

    Thank you very much.

