Answer_1:

    This quarter, the fourth quarter I think represents as I said in the comments the fifth quarter out of six that we've been below $12.8 billion. As you know I think we've been talking about maintaining core expenses below $13 billion, so we feel really good about our progress.
I have to remind everybody that we're maintaining those core expenses at those levels while we're investing in front office professionals while we're investing in technology, while we're absorbing the natural increase in pay for our employees and fraud cost and CCAR costs and other things. So I think we feel good about the work we're doing there. In terms of global markets what was the question?

Answer_2:

    Matt, in the fourth quarter we did reduce headcount in the business, the markets businesses and the related capital markets business. We didn't make a big announcement but that led to the $130 million in severance in the fourth-quarter numbers that you see. So we will continue to adjust that headcount. Tom and his team will continue to adjust it but they made an adjustment in headcount in the fourth quarter, just didn't make quite the press other people's did.

Answer_3:

    The only thing I'd add, Matt, is my focus was on core expenses. We're going to see total expenses I think continue to come down as we work on LAS and continue to hopefully see some moderation on legal expense.

Answer_4:

    I think we've made great progress in terms of getting expenses down. I think we started at what, $3.1 billion quarters ago but we've made great progress getting down to $800 million.
Our net milestone is $500 million per quarter. That's going to be a little bit harder, as you get lower and lower it's a little bit more unpredictable. And so we're not really giving a target at this time but we're going to get there as soon as we can.

Answer_5:

    You should expect us to make good progress, Matt, towards this year. And so as you look towards the end of the year we should be getting there.

Answer_6:

    Sure. Well as we said in the comments we've got reserves against that energy portfolio of $500 million. That's 6% of the high risk subsectors and we develop reserves on an incurred basis.
We develop them by looking at loss given default, probability of default, exposure to default. We go loan by loan. We have a lot of imprecision, other factors that we look at for imprecision and we put judgment on all that.
One of the things we look at when we come up with our judgment of what we should be is our stress testing. And so that's how that gets factored in to our reserve which again has to be on an incurred basis.

Answer_7:

    In part, Betsy, because the idea is you can only incur for what you see through today. In terms of the operating structure of these companies and the asset-based lending, these are asset-based loans, derivative-based loans. So they've ratcheted down based on price but at year-end you're only reserving for what you see today.
If you're nine quarters from now and oil is still at that price you'd have to have it reserved for what's left of the portfolio of the exposures. But coming down it would come down during those nine quarters by the losses you took at least in resolving those credits. So it's in part covered but not fully because that's an estimate of a future that as Paul said it's an incurred view of the portfolio.

Answer_8:

    The other way to think about it is we've got a $500 million. As we go, theoretically you go through the nine quarters if that $700 million were to come true if our model was perfect it would go against that model $500 million but you'd be building reserves as you went through that process.
So if you told me what you wanted to end the nine quarters at, if you wanted to end at $500 million you can do the math. If you wanted to end at more or less it's going to be more or less in terms of you kind of have to build.

Answer_9:

    I think you've got it. I think we have a legacy, we have a large legacy portfolio on the consumer side. As we continue to work through that and if home prices continue to stay where there or improve, the economy stays where it are or improve, I think you're going to continue to see reserves from us in 2016 or reserve releases I should say from us in 2016 but they are going to moderate from what they have been in the past.

Answer_10:

    Yes, some of that swings over to the commercial book as you saw this quarter. So we have come down from a lot of reserve releases last year, I think it's 800 million or so in the fourth quarter, 700 million or 800 million or something down to 200 million, a couple of hundred million. And you'd expect that to mitigate during the course of 2016.

Answer_11:

    Yes, and we've built reserve in commercial.

Answer_12:

    I think we feel good about the operating leverage we achieved in 2015. You can see that with the revenue growth relative to the EPS growth and I think we're looking to continue that trend.
We got hopefully a little bit of a tailwind here on rates. We're going to continue to manage expenses carefully.
So in terms of our EPS growth in 2016 we don't give estimates but in terms of our EPS growth in 2016, I think it will be more of the same. Revenue growth with some hopefully expense discipline that will get us some operating leverage.

Answer_13:

    John, we haven't seen the scenarios yet and stuff like that so I think it's probably premature to discuss that. Our goal is long term is to return more and more capital to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks.
At this price obviously stock buybacks are favored. But when we see the scenario and play that out it would be getting ahead of the process to talk about it today.

Answer_14:

    I wouldn't say that's why but obviously there's a benefit from paying off those trust preferreds. They had I think it was $175 million per quarter -- I've got that right? Yes.
And so there's a benefit there. The way I would think about those is we're not going to, quote, replace them because they don't count toward our regulatory capital, so why would we replace them?
We're going to have a capital structure that meets our regulatory requirements which requires us to have a certain amount of CET1. We're going to have the appropriate amount of preferred and subject and of course we have to meet the TLAC requirements. So that's how I would think about it.

Answer_15:

    John, if you look at it what global is affecting us 2013, 2014 was we're continuing to run off portfolios that have yield to them. And obviously the reinvestment rates on the investment side of the house as we ran those off were flattish. That's kind of all run through the system.
So now what you're seeing is $80 billion a period deposit growth from fourth quarter last year to this year. And the overall pay rate for that is in the low single-digit basis points. All core, all in consumer, wealth management and driven by middle-market and the banking business.
So that's the deposit funding side. And the asset build is now good core loans that have reasonable yields to them and you start to see it and then pick up just a hair from that. And we expect it to drive in our core as long as the economy continues to grow a couple percent.

Answer_16:

    Hey, John, just real quick I want to correct one thing I said. The $175 million is full-year.

Answer_17:

    We sold a little bit but not as much as we had in the past.

Answer_18:

    Largely Paul, that's been, it's very incremental at this point on the sales side.

Answer_19:

    Well, Paul, the 103,000 is of the total portfolio. So there's a normal piece in that and an abnormal piece in it. But we should be driving it down to the 60 days, 103,000 is across both portfolios.
But that number should come in I don't know pick a percent, percent and a half of the service loan units. So it's still got some room to go.
And that's the key that I think Matt pointed out earlier is the FTE headcount in LAS we had a 2,000 person headcount drop in the Company overall in the fourth quarter, about half LAS, half the rest of the Company. The LAS percentage rate was 8 percentage points not annualized for the quarter at 30%. It's still dropping its headcount but it's getting flatter and now we've got all the old cost to drive out of the portfolio.
So in terms of thinking about real estate and old systems and stuff and so that's what takes a little more time now than just the people cost.

Answer_20:

    Sure. The short answer is that we have seen no real movement.
Of course we're very focused on making sure that we pay an appropriate deposit rate but so far there's been no movement. We have been modeling deposit betas on our interest-bearing deposits in the high 40s.

Answer_21:

    We think that makes sense. And given the quality of our deposit base as Brian walked through already the portion we have in our consumer and GWIM franchises, the number of primary checking accounts, even on the wholesale side if you look at our deposits less than 5% of them are 100% runoff deposits.
So we feel good about our $1.2 trillion in deposits. We took this year the deposit rating came down another basis point to 4 basis points for all deposit. So we feel good about that modeling.

Answer_22:

    And Jim, remember that modeling is not 40% of everything, it's a lot nothing and a lot less for the first couple of bumps. So I think that's what you're thinking about. So if we continue along with one or two rate rises there will be a lot more capture then as it gets into the higher --

Answer_23:

    Exactly. I think that's what you're asking.

Answer_24:

    If you look at the full-year 2015 and you do those puts and takes with the things that we've talked about through the year and you make any sort of a reasonable guess as to the progress we're going to make around LAS, we're in the 65%-ish range, we're going to continue to focus on growing responsibly and working on our total expenses as we talked earlier. And so with a little help from growth and some more work on expenses we think we're in shooting range.

Answer_25:

    As we model ourselves and look at sort of the peers, so the average efficiency by business units and model against our business mix we're going to be a little higher because the high-level wealth management in our business relative to the total. But look, three things on expenses.
Number one, we'll continue to drive it them and funding all the growth and FTE for the sales side we have 6% growth in consumer FTE sales side, 3% wealth management, maybe 8% in global banking year over year. So we're paying for all that, paying for all the incentives attached to it, paying for all the infrastructure attached to it. So we're going to continue to drive it down.
So just rest assured that is. And then we are not satisfied in the mid-60s efficiency ratio of the Company and we should be able to drive that down and it will come from both just hard work and as you say with a rate lift and stuff which affects -- we're still affected a little bit more by low rate structure than other people we should pick it back up. But don't think we're complacent on this.

Answer_26:

    Outside of energy we are not seeing asset quality change nor are we seeing a reduction in appetite for credit. I would remind everybody that we were very, very focused on our customer framework and our risk framework. But within that framework we continue to see a lot of opportunities to help our customers grow their businesses.
If you look at this quarter and you just focus on the core we had 3% quarter-over-quarter growth or an annualized growth rate of a little over 12% or $22 billion. I'm not going to sit here and tell you that's what it's going to be next quarter. But we're not seeing material decline in conversations with our clients about how to help them grow.

Answer_27:

    I think to give a additional color if you think about it if you go back a couple of years we grew the international business because we had to round out that franchise. We sort of slowed that down, 24 months ago that started to drop in terms of growth rate. And so because of the client selection criteria there is very high in clients, multinational clients, etc.
But we slowed it down just to keep the Company in balance and that's been our watchword. If you think about on the consumer no subprime, no lowering FICO scores. If you look at the coming on FICOs they are higher in the portfolio still which is almost hard to believe, the charge-offs, delinquencies in both home-equity, delinquencies across the last four years and continue to get lower every year.
This year was the lowest they've been all the way back a long time in both credit card and home-equities. And if you look at the client selection in the US a couple of things. One is we're adding officers in the middle-market business but they are going after our target clients and this is not go find new industries, etc.
So whether it's the way we lend to commercial real estate which is very high-end real estate developers, etc., the way we lead in middle-market is very strong. So as you look across this client selection in the middle-market business has been strong.
The best  that we're seeing is things in our business banking, small business portfolios. We're actually starting to see growth there, again sticking to our credit risk which is the first time in many years because we had to run off some stuff that came in through LaSalle, Merrill and everything else that we're finally seeing nominal growth.
And so I think this client selection we slowed down international, it sort of always watching and in fact using your stress test to make sure you stay balanced. And if you look at us we feel we're pretty balanced between the consumer and commercial sort of 50/50. And then within the consumer we're really sticking to our knitting which is very strong, high-quality, both creditworthy borrowers.

Answer_28:

    It's coming from both. The reality is that the number one issue they face in the wealth investment and brokerage services revenue line is the decline in transactional revenue.
And it has gone from two years ago probably $600 million a quarter even in non-robust market times down to I don't know $300 million, $400 million. That is hard to make up on the annuity piece. Even though they are having record net flows it's just the revenue rate on that is less.
So that's the factor. So it's not to do with really recruiting. The production per FA continues to be solid at 1 million-plus.
It's really that core fundamental issue that they are facing. And that transition is what we're all going through. It's getting to the point where it's becoming less material and i.e., less material to the total revenue line from the transaction side.

Answer_29:

    On the other hand I would just remind everybody that we've got significant positive loan base in that business. And so again if rates rise we're going to see some benefit there.

Answer_30:

    Let me start with the last one and pick up on just some comments Brian made again. The decline in the margin has been because of decline in transactional revenues.
In addition over the last couple of quarters there's been a lot of market volatility. Markets have ended down in certain months and that affects what we make on asset management.
We would hope in a better market environment we would see some improvement in some aspects of the transactional business because there's a lot of selling of mutual fund products and other products there. And then again as I point out we've got a business here with close to $140 billion in loans and $240 billion to $260 billion-ish of deposits and as rates move we're going to start seeing some benefit from that on which the payout ratio is quite different than on the more traditional asset management products.
So that really I do think is the revenue story that will affect margins. And again in the first quarter of this year we're going to see $100 million reduction in expenses because of the runoff of the compensation programs we've put in place around the Merrill merger.
So I think that's what I would say about the margins. What was the second part of the question?

Answer_31:

    So I think people ought to think about GWIM, the margin has come down, we think it's flooring out here and it will start to pick back up in part because of some of the unfundamental changes in the ATP program running off and stuff. But we've invested in a PMD program. It cost a few hundred million dollars of drag to do that.
That's the right thing to actually build the advisor base over time and service the clients. And the team if you look at it underneath the US the flows and stuff are strong and the US trust business is having some of its best quarters ever just because of the difference that it didn't have the secular runoff you referred to in terms of the fee-based business.
So it's a good business, it does a good job with its clients. We expect more out of it. And that's the job for John and Keith and Andy and Terry going forward.

Answer_32:

    We feel good about our metals and mining exposure. It's about $8 billion but most of that exposure is much more short dated and much more collateral. So we feel good about that exposure.

Answer_33:

    Yes, that's not a bad way to think about it. Again if you remember our guidance from last quarter we said $800 million to $900 million for the first two quarters of 2016. And the way I would think about those two quarters would be yes, we could see some lumpiness.

Answer_34:

    But I think the one thing overall is that as you look at the question on the exposure that we're also paying close attention to is it sort of a demand or supply issue for oil prices. And if it's a supply issue that affects these companies and related companies and demand from.
But if it's a demand in the broadest context i.e., economies continue to slow down and that's the broader concern. So we're looking at not only the impact on all the portfolios thinking about who gets the benefits in our portfolio basis from low energy cost which are serious benefits to the consumers and to companies that consume energy versus those producing it.
So there's a balance here that we've got to think through. Right now it's pretty isolated the energy companies and even if you look at consumers who work for them in our basis by ZIP Code and unemployment levels and stuff we've seen relatively modest deterioration or none in the consumer side people employed in these businesses.
So I think as you think about it the real question is going to come down to for 2016 in terms of all our industry is are we in a demand-driven issue i.e., a general economic issue or is the United States going to plug along and if it does then I think Paul's guidance is the right one. If you're in the supply it's all going to be localized on these industries.

Answer_35:

    It's not demand, it's again worth emphasizing there are a lot of people who are helped by low prices. That helps our asset quality not only on the consumer side but also in places like India and manufacturers all around the world.

Answer_36:

    So you're talking about going with the first half of 2016?

Answer_37:

    Well, on a standardized basis I think you're going to see RWA trend up if it we're able to grow deposits and loans. On an advanced basis there's all sorts of puts and takes there.
I don't think you'll see as much growth as you would on a standardized basis -- on an advanced basis, yes, as you would on a standardized basis as we continue to work on our RWA.

Answer_38:

    Well we need to get to more inventory target. From a CET1 under an advanced basis our goal is to get to 10%-plus a buffer by 2019.
So we're at 9.8%. I feel like we have the time to do that.
We're certainly not going to need to take all that time. We would expect to get there soon. But it is impacted by changes in rates, changes in OCI.
We're hopefully returning capital. But we're not -- we feel like we're on track to get to 10% plus an appropriate buffer.
The only other thing I would add is we still have some opportunity to optimize RWA from an advanced perspective. That's in two fundamental areas. It's always stuff you can do in markets and other areas.
But in two fundamental areas, one is the extra RWA we got on the wholesale side when we exited parallel run. That's not a permanent thing. We need to work on our models, work with our regulators and hopefully over time we can make some improvements there.
The other one is operational risk. We have $500 billion of RWA for operational risk under the advanced approach. That is 25% more than the net highest bank and that operational risk is for businesses that we are no longer in.
It's for products we no longer sell. It's for a risk profile that we no longer tolerate. So again that will take time but that's another opportunity for us to lower RWA from an advanced perspective.

Answer_39:

    I think -- the buffer to the capital?

Answer_40:

    Yes, B3A.

Answer_41:

    We're basically thinking the buffer we need to be above the requirements, the 10%. We'd say 25 to 50 basis points would be where we're at.

Answer_42:

    Look, I'm not sure we're in the business of giving guidance on loan growth we think we can grow. If you were looking for some perspective from us I wouldn't even call it guidance. Mid-single digit is what we hope we can accomplish.

Answer_43:

    I think it's going to continue to be driven by commercial but you're going to see growth in consumer as well.

Answer_44:

    In our mortgage business I think we are focused on originating prime and sort of non-conforming loans. There's been good progress here I think if you look over the last year.
The number of non-conforming loans that we are originating has increased meaningfully and a reminder a that those loans we book on our balance sheet. So that's NBI when you're booking, when you're selling less loans it's going to affect your NBI income but it's going to come through the NIM on a more annualized basis.

Answer_45:

    From a broader -- we decide the fees because of the geography and how the accounting works when you put I think 60%, 70% of loans on balance sheet. In terms of overall production we expect to continue to make progress because, and you can see that in the numbers, that we're going to as other people are flattening out we continue to have lots of opportunity with our core of customers.
A set amount of 10 still that are creditworthy in our customer base are still getting a mortgage elsewhere and that's what the team is chipping away at. And it's never going to be the hugest business of Bank of America compared to things like the Merrill Edge business in consumer, the credit card business and consumer. But we expect to get broader market share from each of the segments.

Answer_46:

    I think it's interesting I'm not going to sit here and tell you that it's directly 100% correlated, we've done all the work but we've added sales professionals in our branches. They are focused on originating mortgages that are more prime-oriented. We've got them working with our GWIM specialists.
That client group is generally more prime-oriented and we see progress. We see the prime loans growing.

Answer_47:

    Well, I have to think about that. We spend a lot of time, our credit people do spend a lot of time just combing through that portfolio and looking at cash flows from the Company and making sure we understand the collateral, making sure we fully understand our structures. So I think it's a lot of blocking and tackling and talking to clients and making sure we understand what's going on with their businesses in terms of the energy portfolio.
I would emphasize again that outside of the energy portfolio we are not seeing movement in NPL and criticized assets. Our NPLs continue to come down.

Answer_48:

    Sure. So in terms of card when we look at our credit losses they are at low points, historic low points and they've been bumping around at that level. We've seen a little bit of increase the last couple of quarters but that again I think is just a reflection of things just bumping around at really low levels.
In terms of the home equity and of draw based on the volume we've seen to date which we've seen a lot of volume the portfolio is performing in line with our expectations. And we continue to monitor the end of draw portfolio and continue to work with our customers to manage the risk.
I just would remind everybody that these borrowers have paid through the downturn and this portfolio continues to improve as home prices improved. The risk is an ongoing part of our reserve process and we think we're well-reserved.

Answer_49:

    Just on card and those 30 days delinquency or 90 they came down during the course of from the end of 2014 all the way through 2015 and in both cases is running at multiple-year lows in both percentage-wise and nominal amounts. So we're seeing no deterioration of credit in either of those, and the same with the home equities. It's just in home equities just have a little more cleanup because of the legacy portfolio in there.

Answer_50:

    Oil, let me take the last one first. So we've got a reserve on our energy portfolio of $500 million. That is 6% of those two subsectors that we think are high-risk and we have done modeling stress test modeling at various oil prices.
The one we've been talking about on this call has been at $30 and that's over nine quarters. And so if oil stayed at $30 for nine quarters we would think that our losses over those nine quarters would be $700 million.
Again that would go against the $500 million we already have reserved. And one would presume we would be building reserves during that time period to make up the difference.

Answer_51:

    So Mike, when you look at consumer benefits from the oil and gas just to give you a simple thing, if you look at our card base in the fourth quarter of 2015 the spending on debit and credit cards rose 4% from the fourth quarter of 2014. And if gas prices would have been stable it would have grown at 5.7%.
So what that means is consumers had effectively on that base of 1.7% that they received the benefit of year over year. If you translate that to dollars round numbers that's $20 million a day of less spending on gasoline by our consumers in our portfolios per day and from like $90 million down to $70 million-ish or something like that.
That is the benefit they get. So for a large number of consumers median income the cash flow increases and that gives them more money to spend.

Answer_52:

    I think Mike it comes down to the question of whether you think this is a  price is a reflection of our broader issue of growth in the economies or we're going to get slow growth 2.5% in the US and I guess 3.5% in the world. If you're going to get that in 2016 it's going to be isolated, the negative is going to be isolated to the oil companies and related commodity producers just because of a slow growth environment.
If you're saying there's going to be a much different economic scenario than so-called consensus predicts that's a broader based problem. But right now it's really an oversupply of oil driving prices down and that's impacting the people in the industry. And the rest of the consumers, I mean corporate customers and consumers that use oil and energy are getting a good benefit.

Answer_53:

    And Mike, the only thing I would say, Brian is spot on, if it's a demand issue we're going to see it in other parts of the economy. However, we have not seen that yet. We have not seen a change in our asset quality outside of energy.

Answer_54:

    As we've said we've ran about 9, adjusting for everything about 9.5 for the year. And return on tangible common equity we believe we have a path to get that to 12. Rates get us part of it and hard work on expenses and core revenue growth and driving gets us the rest of it and so an LAS expense drop-in.
We're chipping away at that and if you look from 2014 to 2015 we made a substantial step and we'll continue to drive away. We haven't put a specific timeframe on it. It's just a goal to keep driving and we'll drive beyond that.
On the efficiency it follows that as efficiency it follows that sort of map that right now we're operating 66%, 67%, 67% probably normalized for 2015. And between LAS we can drop that down to 65% and that's just hard work and we're grinding away at it every day. You're seeing loans grow, you're seeing deposits grow and so you should see an improvement in 2016.

Answer_55:

    Expenses are on our mind every day at Bank of America. We have everybody focused on expense discipline. That's translating through our culture under our simplify and improve program where the teams are always coming up with ideas to make it simpler for our customers, make it simpler for our employees and improve the expenses of the Company.
That's how we're going to achieve our objectives around core expenses that we've talked about on this call. We're all very focused on expenses.

Answer_56:

    Thank you, everyone. We look forward to talk to you next quarter.

