Answer_1:

    In terms of growth we did -- we saw very solid growth, good growth in Q1, up 23% on a local currency basis. North America we saw similar growth rates in Q1 as we saw in Q4 of last year, as well as Q1 of last year all at 26%. In International we saw the growth accelerate a little bit on an exchange adjusted basis from 15% to 18% from Q4 to Q1.
But what we're really seeing is we're pleased with the overall fundamentals. We continue to add new customers, in-stocks continue to be healthy. Third-party units as a percentage of units are about 40%, so still very strong. FBA adoption continues to be strong around the world, continue to add new selection. We saw strong growth in many different areas including Web Services, and so again a lot of different areas contributed to the growth rate that we saw in Q1.
In terms of Prime Pantry, we just think it's an exciting option for Prime members. It's available only to Prime members, so that they can get their everyday non-bulk items in one box, and we think that's interesting for customers. And again, it's a great way that we can add the selection and have the selection for those customers.

Answer_2:

    In terms of pricing we've been very consistent. We want to offer great value to customers, and so we work very hard to make sure that we can offer and afford to offer great prices for customers. And so that's something that we've been working on very hard over the years. That's certainly one of the reasons why you've seen the growth rates that we've experienced along with getting closer to customers from a shipping perspective, making sure we have great in stocks and other service attributes.
In terms of price increases, we certainly have increased the price on Prime, but again that was after many years of not raising the price even though the cost of -- transportation costs certainly have gone up, and the fact that we have certainly added a lot of selection, going from a little over 1 million items in the first year to over 20 million items. So it's still an incredibly great value for customers, and that's why we did that. So again we're all about making sure we have great values for customers and we'll continue to do that.

Answer_3:

    In terms of AWS, the team is doing a fantastic job. We are adding a lot of resources. We've grown our employee base there dramatically over the years and continue to add people there. And that's the way we've been able to launch all the new services that we've had over the past several years. And we continue the pace of acceleration in terms of new things that we're doing is increasing and we've published a lot of statistics around that.
In terms of pricing, we think this is our 42nd price increase that we've had in AWS, sorry price decrease in AWS, and we're very excited on behalf of our customers to be able to do that. The team works very hard to be able to afford those lower prices, and we're excited to do that. And so in terms of the timing of when we launch these price decreases that come at different times and it happened to come in a presentation that we were giving around that time. But again we're very excited about the opportunity and we continue to invest in that business given the big opportunity that we have there.

Answer_4:

    In terms of video content, the team does a very nice job of various modeling, certainly we're trying to estimate what the usage is of all the content that we launch, and we have a number of different ways that we do that. We do have certainly for some of the content that we've been selling, both in terms of physical format as well as selling on the transactional side, we certainly see what the -- what those sales are -- what those unit sales are, so we have that as a benchmark.
We also have other models to look at that could help us guide to what we think the usage will be of those. But again, the team has done a nice job looking at different ways to model that, and I expect that we'll continue to refine that over time as well.

Answer_5:

    In terms of Fire TV, I can't talk about the economics of the device itself. But what I can say is it's very early and we're extremely pleased with what we see in just the few weeks here, and the team certainly made what we think is a killer product. And we're -- the team is very hard trying to keep in stock on that product.

Answer_6:

    In terms of Prime, it's early but we're encouraged with what we see so far. Just over the last several weeks our Prime subscribers continue to grow week over week. New trials, the adoption of new trials again post the increase, are growing very nicely. So those customers accepting new trials is growing very fast.
We only have a few days of information related to conversion and we're encouraged by what we see there. So overall, we're very encouraged. The reason why is that customers we believe are responding to just a great service, and so we're continuously being reminded of that from customers in terms of the offering we have on the physical side, as well as the offerings that we have on the digital side as well, so very encouraged there.
In terms of the North American media, we did see a -- from a growth standpoint it's 13% year-over-year for North American Media. That compares to 14% in Q1 of last year. It is down a little bit sequentially from Q4, the Q4 keep in mind we do have video games and video consoles in that number in Q4, there's certainly a number of different factors. But that's certainly one that's impacting the Q4 numbers, and it's certainly seasonal as you would expect, but there's some great launches of consoles in Q4 that are impacting that number.

Answer_7:

    Sure, as you mentioned unit growth was actually decelerated a little bit from Q4, and also from last year it was 23% year-over-year in Q1.
One thing to keep in mind is that our Web Services business is growing at a faster rate. We don't incorporate any units from AWS in that metric. But overall, you're right. We continue to from a growth standpoint we had a small acceleration of growth from Q4 to Q1 from a revenue standpoint, again on a local currency basis going from 22% to 23%. We're very pleased with a lot of the fundamentals that I talked about earlier that's impacting that growth rate.
Overall we're pleased and again, we think that we see a nice growth rate, and third-party units as a percentage of total units is 40%, which was consistent with what we saw last year. So third-party growth continues to be very strong as well.

Answer_8:

    In terms of -- I'll take the second part of the question first about International Media. The growth rate was 4% in the quarter, and as I've talked about in prior quarters, certainly one of the things that's happening is we see a conversion from physical to digital.
And for example in North America, we're now selling North America Media, we're now selling more digital units than physical units. So in the past 12 months we've sold more digital units than physical units. We're not at that point yet in International. And so certainly that's an opportunity for us as we look at growing International Media. It's again, it's certainly something that we're working very hard on and certainly a good opportunity for us.
In terms of unit growth, it's certainly just one measure that we thought has been helpful. And that's why we've continued to provide it. It is just one metric. We have many different metrics that we're sharing. But there's not much more I can add to that, but again it's a metric. Was there another -- was there a third part to the question?

Answer_9:

    There's not that I can think of at the minute. But just keep in mind when you think about our revenue growth, always be thinking about there's certainly a volume component. We have a third-party component. We have a mix component. We're continuously trying to lower prices for customers. All of those factor into the revenue growth rates that you see for each of the revenue metrics that we provide to you.

Answer_10:

    In terms of Fulfillment, there's not a lot I can comment on in terms of your specific question. What I would say though is we continue to work to be as we have over the years to become closer and closer to customers. And so we've certainly done that in a number of different ways, just the footprint we have from a fulfillment capacity standpoint enables us to be closer to customers and getting great selection even closer to customers.
So we continue to work. Certainly Prime was another way to get a faster delivery speed to customers, and so we'll continue to work on our capabilities there to make it even better over time. In terms of the digital units question, I apologize. There's not a lot I can comment in terms of your specific question there.

Answer_11:

    Sure. In terms of what you're seeing in Q1 and you've been seeing this certainly for a few year period here is we're investing very heavily in International. And we're doing that in a number of different ways. Certainly from a geographic standpoint, we continue to invest in new geographies, and Italy and Spain were certainly the most recent. And you should assume we are investing in those geographies.
We continue to invest in China and certainly that's in investment mode. And then also as we've continued to grow in International, we've invested in terms of capacity, both fulfillment capacity as well as infrastructure capacity to support those.
What you saw, you will see some certainly variation over time in the period that you're talking about. We certainly had particularly coming out of -- going into late 2008 and also 2009 we had extra capacity globally. We still did continue to invest but not near the rates that we're investing now. And that's why you saw some of the results that you've seen. But again, one of the things that you see not only in International but in our total results is we continue to invest very heavily into the business because of the opportunities that we see.

Answer_12:

    There was a number of different factors that we looked at in terms of when we looked at the price increase. But the biggest one is we had built -- we think we've built a great service, and we saw that just the particularly the transportation costs since inception had grown dramatically. We just hadn't done any price increase during that long time period, and that's really the big reason why we decided to do that.
We launched the program with over 1 million items and we have over 20 million items now. Customers are using that service in addition to having the transportation costs being higher, they're using that service more and that's really what led to it. And beyond that there's not a lot I can comment.

Answer_13:

    There's many different factors that go into that and certainly weather would have been one of those.

Answer_14:

    Unfortunately, it's probably a good question for future quarters, it's just so early. And again, what little data we have so far is very encouraging, but it's very early so I think that's a good question for future quarters.

Answer_15:

    No, it's a good question and I think that's something we can certainly work on to try to be helpful. The price change, the most recent price change is certainly recent. And what we're commenting on is certainly the Q1 results.
But that's something that we'll think about and try to be helpful on that as we go forward, but certainly usage has been -- this is not something recent. Usage has been very, very strong. And as we've continued to lower prices over time, this is the 42nd price decrease that we've had and we've had great usage growth over time.

Answer_16:

    I think the best way to say it is, and hopefully this answers your question. The team focuses on many different aspects, but certainly the operational aspects of being up and running, being a very secure, reliable set of services, those are something the team is very focused on and spends a lot of time working on. And so beyond that, I'm not sure I can add to it.

Answer_17:

    Sure. The answer to the second question which is down below in Other relates to a gain primarily from LivingSocial. They sold their Korean business and that's reflected in that line item.
In terms of the content question. The way I would think about it is this. We've continually since we launched the service, we've continually added -- tried to add great content, and I think we've been pretty successful in doing that. And this is just another contract that we've launched into that's multi-year to do that. And we think it's -- we think it's a great for customers. We're extremely excited to offer this to customers. And we'll try to keep making the service even better over time.

Answer_18:

    There's a number of factors, certainly we have a number of different arrangements where we have exclusive content, and we think that's great for customers, and we've also supplemented with other content that's not exclusive.
And we're obviously as you know, we're working on original content as well that is exclusive. So those are the things that we're working on, and we see the customer response to all of those, and we're -- we like what we see.

Answer_19:

    Yes, in terms of the priority, I'm not sure what to add there, but I would say that we're investing heavily in China and we have been for some time, and certainly that's a factor. We're investing in new geographies, most notably Italy and Spain. We're investing in as I mentioned in fulfillment centers and infrastructure to support that growth. So again, not a lot to add there. The other part of your question?

Answer_20:

    Yes, and again we've been pretty consistent how we've talked about it. Again, China you should assume, China is a big investment. In all of our geographies, not just international we're investing on behalf of customers in terms of lowering prices, and so that's having an impact. Volume is having an impact. We continue to invest in a fulfillment capacity not only for our retail customers, but also for third parties on behalf of Fulfillment By Amazon, and so we're making investments there. And the others that I mentioned.

Answer_21:

    Domestic fulfillment, as we have in past years, we'll continue to update you as we go throughout the year. I don't have any comments today given that we're just coming out of Q1, but we will be adding fulfillment capacity given the growth rates we're experiencing, and we'll update you as we go.

Answer_22:

    I can't comment on what we might or might not do in the future. But the team has done a nice job from an advertising perspective and you can see those prominently on our various websites. We view it as another way certainly to help be able to afford lower prices for customers, and again the team has done a very nice job of monetizing those detailed pages to allow us to be able to do that.

Answer_23:

    In terms of the second part of the question related to the guidance, what's reflected in the Q2 guidance has many different factors but we are investing. I mentioned a number of different investments that we're making in International, which related to Q1, also related to Q2. We're investing in content. We're investing in our Web Services business, both from a new services as well as pricing.
So again, we're investing in a lot of different areas across the company. I'm sure there's a number that I'm not mentioning, so again we're investing. So that's really what you're seeing in the range of guidance that we see in Q2.
In terms of International Media, we continue to make progress there on our conversion from physical to digital. But we're just not where we are in North America. And it's in many different categories and we'll continue to work on that. And certainly some of the things that you see related to video in Europe, certainly trying to address that part of that. So again we'll continue to work on the various pieces of that for our International business and look forward to doing that.

Answer_24:

    In China, we're investing a lot and trying to grow the business there. We're certainly investing in our fulfillment -- we have been investing in our fulfillment network to get even closer to customers. We're doing a lot on the retail basics as we've done in other geographies, making sure that we have great in-stock availability. We've making sure that we have had a unique selection.
So those are -- a lot of the things that we've done, making sure that we have the right pricing in place on behalf of customers. Making sure that our service levels are where we need them to be.
So those are the things we continue to work on in China. It's a very large opportunity. And we continue to work hard. Is it a large investment? Yes, it is. And that investment has certainly increased over the past several years.

Answer_25:

    In terms of the just clarification in Jeff's quote, he mentions that customers will be saving hundreds of millions of dollars over the next several months alone. He didn't say specifically to second quarter. So certainly that's impacting second quarter, and it's reflected in the guidance that you're seeing there. But again, we're very happy to do that on behalf of our AWS customers.
We've done many different price decreases over time and we think that's great on behalf of customers, and we think our team's and we're positioned very well in that business, and we'll continue to invest in that given the large opportunity that we have there. In terms of your other question, there's not really a lot I can comment there.

Answer_26:

    In terms of Prime, Prime again, over the year-over-year is growing very rapidly. And then also week over week as we look at the metrics over the last several weeks, continues to grow week-over-week. So we're very encouraged by what we're seeing there.
In terms of Mobile, it's certainly a tailwind for our business. We have a number of different things that we're working on for mobile. And we continue to make it easier and easier for customers to shop from a mobile perspective. Our traffic continues to increase from a mobile perspective, and we're excited about what we see there. And we continue trying to find ways to make that even better from an experience standpoint for our customers.

Answer_27:

    Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com, and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

