Answer_1:

    Small and small. Small sell, small impact.

Answer_2:

    Glenn, it's Brian. I think at the end of the day, banks reflect the economy and help make the economy happen. So we've been able to grow loans 5%, 6% in the core, so the middle market segment, 7% actually year-over-year. Credit card's been picking up a little bit, home equity is strong, residential mortgage down. So if you look at it overall, we've been out -- able to outgrow the economy, but we're going to be dependent upon the economy keep growing. But what we've shown you across the last couple of years, with the discipline we have, are driving deeper penetration in our customers, working hard on our relationships even with repositioning portfolios that you can see in some of the slides and/or making sure that we maintain great discipline, we've been able to grow the mid-single digits, as we've told you, against the backdrop of an economy growing at 1.5% to 2%. If that grows faster, we'll grow faster. If that stays in that range, we should be able to continue to grow at that level.

Answer_3:

    No. Credit looks good across the board, and it's performing as we model and expect.

Answer_4:

    I think, Glenn, think about it this way, is the way people pay each other. So you -- we don't charge for it. It's just a service as part of a core DDA account, just like checks or just like an ATM card would be to withdraw. It's just more efficient for the customer, more efficient for the -- for us, too, ultimately, because the payback will be taking cash out of the system. And so year-to-date, we're up about -- even before Zelle is announced, for the first quarter, P-to-P payments at Bank of America are up 25% first quarter of '17 versus first quarter of '16. So this is growing fast and will continue to grow. And what we'll do, we'll swap out other payment forms which cost us more to execute, but it's free to the customer.

Answer_5:

    Well, the loan growth is embedded in our 100 basis point shock. So theoretically, it includes it. But if loan growth's a little bit better than we think, it could be better; if it's a little lower, it would be less. That's one of the variables that we have to think about when we think about NII growth.

Answer_6:

    John, just one of the things to keep in mind there is remember, we just capitalized or put in the run rate, for lack of a better term, $600 million-plus, fourth quarter to first quarter, and this is on top of that, too. That first benefit as you think for the year, that benefit is now locked in and moves its way through the system.

Answer_7:

    Sure. So in a 100 basis point rise on interest-bearing deposits, and remember, we have a large amount of noninterest-bearing deposits, but on interest-bearing deposits, we're kind of low 50-ish for that full 100 basis point rise. As you can expect, the first 25, 50 of the 100 is going to be a little bit different than the second 25 or 50, and that's about as much that I'd want to give you given the competitiveness around this topic.

Answer_8:

    So with respect to buffers, I wouldn't want to give an exact number for all sorts of reasons. We put a lot of thought into how we manage our capital and liability structure, including buffers. Having said that, we have 150 basis points of cushion right now on fully phased-in minimums and a lot of time between now and 2019. So maybe we'll talk more about it as we get a little closer. But right now, we feel good where we are.

Answer_9:

    The revenue growth assumptions were like we said. If long term, we believe we can grow faster than GDP growth and that's embedded in those assumptions. I think a way for you, Steve, to think about it is look at the Global Markets year-over-year. And what you see there is with that substantial rise in revenue, the expense growth absent -- last year, we had a credit and litigation, this year we had an expense. So you had a pretty good reversal there. Absent that, it was 2% growth. And as Paul said, it had 6% less people. Comp expenses were up a bit even though revenue was up quite a bit. So we can manage against that with the inevitable thing that if revenue grows faster, we might have a little bit more expense pressure. But I think you and I will be very happy to see that happen.

Answer_10:

    Look, the only thing I would add, just for the record, is when we gave that guidance around this time last year, we specifically said it was based upon the economic environment at that time, and that if things got better, we'd have to adjust. If things got worse, we'd have to adjust. Having said all that -- that's just for the record, having said all that, we're still focused and comfortable we can get to the $53 billion, approximately $53 billion for full year 2018. That's what we said.

Answer_11:

    The way I would think about it in Q2, provisions should roughly match net charge-offs. But remember, we're bouncing around the bottom with respect to net charge-offs in commercial. So a material credit can move the needle one way or the other. Absent that caution, we will build as we grow loan balances. But we should expect to see that offset, perhaps, by further runoff of noncore Consumer Real Estate, and we have a high energy reserve.

Answer_12:

    I think we have been building our capital [ ask ] year-over-year, and you should expect us continue to do that since we have both a strong cushion under CCAR. We'll see with this year's results, we don't know yet obviously. But from last year, just extrapolating. And also, our start point is higher and our run rate of earnings is now very consistent. So capital return's part of our story, and we'll continue to pursue it.

Answer_13:

    We've made progress every year, you've seen that. And I would remind everybody that we tapped the de minimis last year as well. So with the stability of our earnings, with the progress we're making on CCAR, as Brian said, we hope to continue to make progress.

Answer_14:

    Yes, I would think about the extra day as kind of being offset by the seasonality we have in Q1 for leasing.

Answer_15:

    Yes, approximately $150 million. And as you know, there's a lot of things that go into that modeling.

Answer_16:

    Look, we've seen modest growth in card balances. We think that should continue. We're adding new accounts. We added 1.2 million cards this quarter. Combined debit, credit spend was good year-over-year and really good recently. But as you point out, the card income line remains -- I think in terms of growth, remains muted by competition around customer rewards. I guess what I would point out and just remind everybody is that just focusing on the fee income line sort of ignores some of the key benefits of our strategy, which is to attract relatively higher-quality card customers and reward them for deepening their relationship with us. The strategy, we think, is driving incremental deposit growth and making them stickier, and that helps NII. And by the way, these customers have lower loss rates as well as reduced need to interact with call centers, so that helps us lower costs. In terms of the service line or service charges, they've shown some modest growth, driven by growth in new accounts, and we expect that probably to continue here.

Answer_17:

    You mean brokerage...

Answer_18:

    Yes. Well, wealth and brokerage is being driven by the long-term trend that we've been seeing with growth in AUM as transactional brokerage continues to decline. We saw that again this quarter. This quarter, we had significant growth in AUM, which offset that sort of continuing decline in brokerage. I think AUM fees were up 8% this quarter.

Answer_19:

    Right. I think when we started a few years ago at $70 billion operating expenses, to bring it down to this level, it was more obvious. Betsy, now it's everywhere. It's everywhere, a little bit everywhere and a lot of hard work. So headcount generally is drifting down year-over-year at around 4,000 or 5,000 people. That gets harder, but what we're doing is taking out people and putting them into the front line in the client-facing roles, and so we're seeing that shift go on. [ You're ] continuing to work our real estate portfolio down, again, through colocations in cities. So you'll see us take 3 buildings in an area and put them in 1, and you've seen some announcement in that regard. In our data centers, we're accelerating the process that you'll -- that -- to consolidate data centers, and that helps continue to knock down the number of data centers. It takes $0.5 billion investment to -- or a $0.25 billion investment to build one, to bring it in. And so you'll see that go on. And then it's everywhere we turn, every place we look, just keep working at the pieces. But at the end of the day, continue to watch the FTE headcount numbers drift down and also how we move those around from less managers to more client-facing people and less layers in the company, which we've been after. And so it is just hard work across the board using our simplify and improve and what we call organizational health going on in our company, and we're seeing the aspects of that. That -- by the way, I think last -- in '16, to give you an example, I think we invested -- got about $400 million, $500 million in savings from some ideas, but it took us an investment of a couple hundred million dollars to get that. And so even that investment rate is important to getting the sales out. And so we're not asking you to exclude, but there's severance cost in here, there's real estate repositioning costs, all of that which actually comes down as you get further and further towards the optimization level.

Answer_20:

    Well, first I would say, look, we've been making a lot of investments in our Global Markets business across equity, across macro. Credit has always been a traditional strength of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, a lot of very strong bankers combined with strong sales and trading effort. Corporates raised money this quarter in the capital markets. We have a strong relationship. So we saw a lot of increased activity on the primary side, which helps your sales and trading on the secondary side. That's one. Two, with spreads tightening a little bit and with clients' activity picking up as they were repositioning given the change in markets, the change in spreads, again, we have strong corporate credit trading desk. We have strong special situations in credit. We have strong mortgage. And they just saw a lot of client activity given what happened in the quarter. So when -- we've often said, when client activity picks up, you're going to see this business perform. And for us, client activity was more this quarter and it showed up in our results. And again lastly, it's a breadth of products. It's significant presence and scale in every major market around the world. So it's not just the U.S. We saw activity in emerging markets around the globe. We were there for -- when our clients needed us.

Answer_21:

    Sure. Particularly on the wholesale side, there are 3 types of deposits fundamentally, 25%, 40% and 100% runoff. And as we think about serving our customers and clients, we're mindful -- very mindful of their needs, but we're also focused on maintaining those -- having deposits that are of the highest quality in terms of being able to use, to lend out to customers. So that means you've got to focus on the 25% and 40% or the more of -- the deposits that are much more operational in nature, the deposits that we know our corporate and FI clients are using to run their businesses. We're focused on growing those deposits and we're focused on helping them use those deposits to pay bills and to move their money around, to do FX, all the things you might think an individual does but just on the corporate side. Those are the types of the deposits we're focused on. We're not -- we're respectful of clients who want to give us other types of deposits, but we're having conversations about them, about the value of those and therefore what they should expect in terms of the pricing.

Answer_22:

    Well, I think, Gerard, just to focus, we've talked to you about getting at above 100 basis points, and then with the adjustments of sort of smoothing out the first quarter a little bit from the onetime or the annual expenses that occur in the first quarter, you're getting close to that. That is not a aspirational goal which we'll stop at. I mean, I think it'll improve if the rate structure continues to move up and the economy continues to grow, we'll get above that. But the first order of business is to get above -- to get to that so that we get the returns on tangible common equity and returns on equity where we want them to be. As you're thinking about that just more broadly, remember that we have, I don't know, a balance sheet of $2.3 trillion or so. And think about $500 billion basically being completely liquid assets. That is a far different cry than we were when our balance sheet sort of the high point was $2.7 trillion and we had -- probably had $200 billion or $100 billion to $200 billion of high-quality assets or whatever the moniker we'd use back then was. And that's going to knock around your yields on your balance sheet. And so we do focus on ROA in our company, we also -- because it basically is the thing that ultimately would drive ROE. But as equity builds, that ROE can be under pressure just from increases in equity. But if you think about it, the real driver of the yield on the balance sheet has more to do with the amount of assets you're carrying which are underleveraged for purposes of liquidity and safety and soundness.

Answer_23:

    Sure. We have $500 billion in RWA for operational risk, which is -- if I can go on a little bit, which is 1/3 approximately of the RWA of the company under the advanced approach and more RWA than we have for our credit.

Answer_24:

    A couple of things. One is our capital is more than sufficient. We're very comfortable with it, with the tangible common equity ratio, Gerard. Thinking about before the crisis of 7.9% and a CET1 of 11% with a minimum of 9.5%, we're more -- we have more capital than the company needs by the different measures, whether it's a traditional market-based measure or a regulatory measure. So we're completely comfortable with that. That leads us to return more capital. You should expect our dividend payout ratio will, for the bigger companies, I think they'll be more focus of keeping that to the 30% level that's been talked about in the various rules and regulations. And if you go back 3 or 4 or 5 years ago, I spoke to that at one of our industry conferences, I think if you look across time, that level of -- if you think about that level of payout against your earnings stream, there's very low probability that you'll have real danger in the dividend -- continuing that dividend even in tough times. So our goal is never -- to keep the dividend stable and then use the excess capital to buy the stock back at around book value. We think it's a great trade.

Answer_25:

    I think it was -- the only way to really classify it is really across the board. I think we have strength in all of those client sets. It was just a lot of good sales and trading activity driven by client interest in repositioning their investments, but also again, driven by  of our clients. We just have a very broad and diverse product set in FICC, both from a product perspective and a geographic perspective. And that kind of footprint and that kind of diversity, when clients want to make changes, we're a natural call.

Answer_26:

    Okay.

Answer_27:

    We have been getting, in Global Markets, a double-digit return now for a number of quarters. It's been in the 10-ish, 11% range for a number of quarters. So we feel like, in Global Markets, we've made a tremendous amount of progress in improving returns. In Global Banking -- and remember, this quarter where they did 15%. But this quarter, I think we had a very strong quarter in sales and trading. Our performance in Global Markets is going to be a direct result of client activity, as we say every quarter. So when client activity is lower, our results will be lower, but through a number of different quarters now with varying amounts of client activity, I think we've been able to get at 10% or more return on equity. So that's how I'd answer it from that perspective. In Global Banking, again, those returns are somewhat dependent on client activity in Investment Banking, but there, I think the Global Banking segment is less volatile with respect to returns tied to the Investment Banking fee pool in any given quarter. We have a diverse product set across treasury service, traditional corporate banking products and Investment Banking products. And then from a client perspective, we're the full spectrum: Small, medium-sized and large global companies. So there, I would expect us to be able to main those -- maintain that return level.

Answer_28:

    The thing I'd add to that is if you think about what we did, we took Global Banking because we think that is an integrated business, whether it's corporate Investment Banking with both the corporate side and Investment Banking side or middle market banking, what we call Global Commercial Banking, again, with Investment Banking capital markets behind obviously less than GCIB. We split that out to show you that, that business -- many years ago, we broke Global Banking away from Global Markets to show that the [ distinctness ] in the business at Global Banking was more of an annuity stream driven by treasury services revenue, lending revenue and then Investment Banking fees, which ebb and flow based on client activity and the returns are fairly consistent, et cetera. The flip side was we also wanted to show -- I think doing this 5, 6 years ago when we first did it, and have been doing it at ever since. And we're were one of the few companies that does it. On the Global Markets side, you can see that there's actually more stability in that business than a lot of people thought. So if you look on the low end, we might make $600 million, $700 million after tax. On the high end, we made $1.3 billion this quarter, but you'll see this range. And if you look across years of quarters and look at the comparative quarters year-over-year because there's some seasonality, you'll see it's relatively stable. And so we've sort of hit that double-digit level in the worst of quarters during a year and then in the best of quarters, it will kick above it. That was, again, how Tom and the team -- Tom Montag and the team run the business. The stability we put in. And then most importantly was bringing the expense structure down dramatically 5 or 6 years ago, Tom and the team did by almost $1 billion in a quarter in operating expenses just in this markets business alone, and then maintaining it there and continuing to push it down while revenues have stabilized and come back up.

Answer_29:

    Are you referring to more sustainable on the net charge-off side?

Answer_30:

    I guess what I would -- how I would answer the question is we have been -- we changed our underwriting standards years ago. We've been focused on responsible growth now for a number of years. We've been sticking with that improved client selection, heightened credit standards. So the answer is we can't compare to a previous period in the company's history. We're just going to have to see how this develops. But we're very confident. We don't see anything today, as we look at what's going on in the marketplace, that would suggest that we're at an inflection point. It doesn't mean that I won't be talking to you about -- next quarter about having lived through an inflection point, but we're not seeing anything right now that would tell us that we should expect net charge-offs to rise in the near term. In the long term, there is some seasoning going on in the credit card portfolio that we expect and we've talked about before. But outside of that, we feel good about where our credit card quality is.

Answer_31:

    I'd say -- I could say consistent. And if you looked at spending, I think it actually maintains its pace through the quarter. As an indicator of their behavior, March was a stronger month than the first 2 months of the quarter. Now you can get into day counts and movements around which weekends fall, but just we didn't see any fall-off in terms of their behavior in spending, which I think is a good indicator of how they're feeling.

Answer_32:

    So I'm not going to take you through the math again because the math is fairly self-explanatory, but you've -- there are a lot of assumptions, or I should -- I'll call them assumptions, but there's a lot of things that go into the modeling of NII. You hit upon one of them. Obviously, we could have deposit betas that are different than what we're expecting as we're doing our modeling. The 50 basis points, obviously, is for a full 100% shock. We're talking about a 25% shock. So it's reasonable to expect that we would be lower than 50% for that first 25%. I think the question is how should we be? And we're just going to have to wait and see. We're very focused on the competitive environment. We're focused on the needs and wants of our clients. And we're focused -- we're balancing all of that against what our shareholders would want us to do. So we're just going to have to see how it develops, but there's a lot of things that go into the modeling of expected NII.

Answer_33:

    Yes. The sensitivity on the long end is a function of being able to reinvest as assets mature at higher or lower rates than the average we have now and what it does to the amortization of our premium on our securities portfolio. The latter is a bigger driver in the short term, the former is a bigger driver in the long term. If you think about the company right now, where long-term rates are, we've said this on other calls, we're kind of -- we used to be at equilibrium where an asset rolling off the balance sheet was being replaced by assets rolling on the balance sheet at roughly the same yield. I would say we're in a little bit more positive place right now where even where our rates are, having long-term rates have gone up here over the last 2 quarters, we're sort of in a position where an asset rolling off the balance sheet, on average, is being replaced by an asset coming on at slightly higher yield. So I don't know if that helps you.

Answer_34:

    Look, the bulk of the increase from Q4 to Q1, the $700 million, the bulk of it was due to rates. We just would highlight that there was meaningful improvement that was driven by the leasing seasonality. Think about that as roughly the kind of improvement we get with an extra day in a quarter. And then there was, I think, significant improvement driven by the lack of hedge ineffectiveness in the first quarter relative to what we experienced in the first quarter. But the bulk of it was driven by rates. And if you think about the rate impact, more than half of the rate impact was driven by the long end as opposed to the short end.

Answer_35:

    I think over the longer -- in any one quarter, it could be a little bit lumpy on what -- how company overall benefits versus the segments. But I think over time, over multiple quarters, the segments will benefit. It's just basically a function of how residual flows back to the -- to our segments.

Answer_36:

    Yes. I think if you look at our disclosures, you'll see that the 100 basis point rate shock at the end of the year was basically the same as rates it is right now. You're referring to what we reported at the end of Q3 being 4-point-something. And that decline in benefit we experienced as rates rose, and that went into our run rate of NII that, as Brian mentioned earlier.

Answer_37:

    No, I think you have to go back. If you look -- you can follow up with Lee afterwards, but if we think about what we told you in the fourth quarter, from the third to the fourth quarter, I think you may be off a quarter. From the third to the fourth quarter, what we said is you basically capitalize into the earnings run rate that $2 billion difference, is now in the earnings run rate. And that's what you're actually seeing. And that's a benefit of the lift in rates, the special on the short-term side. And so that is relatively stable now because the -- that piece went through it. So Lee can follow up with you and take you through sort of the calculation. But it's because -- the good news is it showed up in earnings this quarter as we said it would.

Answer_38:

    Well, because the future investment rate on the long-term rates as it comes down, as the earlier caller talked about, affects our yields on our securities portfolio going forward as we reinvest $20 billion-plus a quarter. So let's -- I'll get Lee to call you afterwards, he can take you through that.

Answer_39:

    Well, thank you, all of you, for your time. Just to remind you, this is a quarter where we showed our responsible growth coming through. Revenue growth of 7%, flat expenses, 700 basis points of operating leverage across our franchise, good client growth in each of the business. And our asset quality remains strong. So we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you for your time and attention.

