
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's second-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO, Sheryl Sandberg, COO, and David Ebersman, CFO. 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future financial performance of the Company. We caution you to consider the important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements in the press release and this conference call. These risk factors are described in our press release, and are more fully detailed under the caption Risk Factors in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2, 2013. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is July 24, 2013, and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. This call is being broadcast on the Internet, and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Facebook website at investor.fb.com. A rebroadcast of the call will be available after 6.00 PM Pacific time today. The earnings press release and an accompanying investor presentation are also available on our web site. I'd also like to mention that we recently launched our Facebook IR page at facebook.com/facebookinvestorrelations. While we don't currently intend to use the page as an exclusive vehicle for corporate disclosure, the IR page is designed as a curated resource for anyone interested in getting better acquainted with the Company. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, Deborah. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We made some really good progress this quarter with the growth and engagement of our community, the release of new products like Instagram video, and advertising growth, especially on mobile. When it comes to mobile, I'm very pleased with the results. We now have more daily actives on mobile than on desktop. Nearly 0.5 billion people use Facebook on their phones every day. And soon we'll have more revenue on mobile than on desktop, as well. This progress is the result of investments we started making more than a year ago and in some cases years ago. I appreciate the patience and trust of our team, our community, and our investors have given us. And we're looking forward to seeing our other long-term investments achieve great results, as well. 
One of the questions I frequently get asked are what are the big changes we want to make in the world over the next five or ten years. Now that we've connected 1 billion people, what are the next big ambitions? There are three main goals I'd like us to achieve. Connect everyone, understand the world, and help build the knowledge economy. Connecting everyone is about growing our community to reach the next 5 billion people. Our mission is to give all people the power to share and make the world more open and connected. And that means everyone, not just people in developed countries. Most people in the world don't yet have smartphones or data access, but we know they want to be connected. We're focused on making this possible while also strengthening engagement within our existing community. 
Understanding the world is about helping people share not just day-to-day updates, like text messages and photos, but also building up long-term knowledge about the world, like what people are interested in, which restaurants are good, which hotels your friends have stayed at, and so on. We should be able to build intelligent services that help you use your network to answer lots of questions for you that no other service can. And we want to lead our community to create a graph of all that understanding to power this intelligence. 
Building the knowledge economy is about helping people create companies and jobs using information. The way I see our advertising products, we aren't just building a strong monetization engine for our Company. We're creating tools to enable new growth to jobs and businesses through our platform, and to support a larger economic shift in the world based on knowledge and information. I'm proud of the work we're doing here to help developers create apps to help local businesses find customers, to help great brands tell their stories. And this is a core part of our mission. 
Now let's talk about the progress we've made in each of these areas, starting with connecting everyone. The Facebook community has grown steadily this quarter, adding 45 million new monthly actives. And the number of monthly actives is steady or increasing across demographics and countries. One thing that's surprised me as we've grown is I've always expected our ratio of daily actives to monthly actives would decrease as later technology adaptors used our service. The opposite has actually been true. And now 61% of monthly actives are daily actives. And that ratio has just continued to include. In our most penetrated markets like the US, more than 70% of our monthly actives use our services daily. And, now, more than 700 million people worldwide use Facebook daily as of today. 
As more social services get created, one question is how it affects the sharing and time that people spend on Facebook. You could naively assume that more new services means people spend less time on Facebook, but that isn't happening. In fact, people on average are spending more time on Facebook than ever before. It's possible that, because the market is expanding due to mobile, even as time spent per person increases on Facebook, maybe our market share could decrease. But that doesn't seem to be happening either. According to third-party metrics like ComScore and Nielsen, Facebook's share of time spent in the US is either steady or increasing. And we believe it's either steady or increasing everywhere else, as well. This makes sense to me because Facebook helps you maintain your real identity in relationships, which are universal needs. We believe that if we execute well, we have a good shot at growing the amount of time that people spend using Facebook, while also maintaining or increasing our overall share of time spent. 
One specific demographic I want to address is US teens. There's been a lot of speculation reporting that fewer teens are using Facebook. But based on our data that just isn't true. It's difficult to measure this perfectly, since some young people lie about their age. But, based on the best date we have, we believe that we have close to fully penetrated in the US teen demographic for a while. And the number of teens using Facebook on both a daily and monthly basis has been steady over the past year and a half. Teens also remain really highly engaged using Facebook. It's also worth mentioning that these stats are for Facebook only. Instagram is growing quickly, as well. So, if you combine the two services together, we believe our engagement and share of time spent are likely  growing quickly throughout the world. 
Next, let's talk about building more useful services on the path to understanding the world. The newest product I'm most excited about from our last quarter is Instagram video. Adding video fits really naturally with the Instagram mission of capturing and sharing the world's moments. And it's off to a great start. People are already uploading hours of video to Instagram every minute. I'm really proud of the team, and I think they did a great job with this product. When I first talked to Kevin about this he had a really smart insight. Instagram has always been about helping people capture moments in a way they are proud of. Filters were necessary for photos because when Instagram started most cameras weren't good enough to take high-quality photos. But lack of filters isn't what's holding back videos from being great. It's that they're shaky and feel unprofessional. Kevin realized that if we could deliver a product that helped people produce stable videos that would really change the landscape. And I think it already is. 
Now, some products like video fit into the flow of what people are doing, and they take off quickly. Others, like Graph Search and Home, are completely new kinds of products, and they're just going to take longer to develop. I think it's the right strategy to have a balance of long-term foundational new products and ones that fit an immediate demand. We're committed to building all of these into market-leading products. 
Finally, let's talk about building the knowledge economy and what that means for our core business. This quarter has been a strong period for us. A lot of new businesses have signed up to advertise with us. And we now have more than 1 million active advertisers. Our newsfeed ads products are working well for them. One of the things I watch most closely is the quality of our ads and people's sentiment around them. Right now ads, on average, make up about 5% or 1 in 20 stories in newsfeed. We haven't measured a meaningful drop in satisfaction when we ask people about their experience with Facebook. We're comparing that to the result we get when we ask the same question to people using a version of Facebook with no feed ads at all. 
Now, that said, in recent studies people have told us that they notice the ads more. So we're going to invest more in improving the quality. Our top priority is to expand the number of marketers and overall demand in our system rather than just increasing the number of ads that we show. We believe that this will help us improve the quality of the ads that we show by creating a more competitive auction. And this will create the best experience for people who use our products, the best returns for more marketers, and the best results for us. 
That's my update for this quarter. We made a lot of progress in the last three months on growing our community engagement, releasing a successful major product, and generating strong financial results. This quarter also marks the end of our first year as a public company. And I think we've created a good foundation for the future. I want to take a moment to thank everyone who works at Facebook, and everyone who's a part of this great community. You are all helping to connect the world and push it forward. I'm grateful to have the chance to work with all of you on this. So, thank you, and thanks to everyone on this call for joining us today. I'm look forward to having more to share next quarter. 
And now, Sheryl. 

Thanks, Mark. Our advertising business gained significant momentum this quarter, growing 61% year over year to $1.6 billion. Our mobile ad revenue grew significantly, as well, and was approximately 41% of total ad revenue, up from about 30% in Q1. This growth was robust across all regions. And each of our four marketing segments increased spending with us this quarter. We believe this is because our ad products are delivering impressive ROI for each of these types of marketers. 
Direct response marketers, including eCommerce companies, increased their spend significantly. Year-over-year ad revenue from eCommerce companies doubled in the second quarter. Direct response marketers are taking advantage of our high click-through rates and competitive CTCs to grow their businesses. These marketers are typically very measurement-focused. And they quickly increase their budgets as we deliver compelling ROI. 
Revenue from mobile app install ads also continues to accelerate. The ad market is relatively new but is already large and growing very rapidly. We believe that Facebook is one of the most effective ways for developers to acquire new customers at competitive rates. We're increasing our share and helping to grow this market. 
Local businesses also grew spend significantly. We surpassed 1 million active advertisers this quarter, more than double the number we had only a year ago. We believe that this rapid growth is being driven by our unique ability to target ads, and the simpler ad products we rolled out in the past year. We're all really excited that we can help local businesses grow around the world. One of my favorite local examples is right in our backyard, Artisan State, a San Francisco business that prints photos books. The owner told us that running newsfeed ads gained them so many customers so quickly that they had to pause their campaigns to let their manufacturing catch up. Nearly 18 million local businesses now have Facebook pages. While we are excited to hit 1 million active advertisers, we know that this is just a small fraction of the local businesses on Facebook. So this remains a large growth opportunity for us. 
And, finally, brand marketers also continue to grow spend. We have a massive and engaged audience around the world that brands can use to grow awareness and drive scale. Every night 88 to 100 million people are actively using Facebook during prime time TV hours in the United States alone. One recent example is from Reckitt Benckiser, a global CPG company. Their campaign for Lysol targeted moms and drove a 2 times return on ad spend for their brand. Their campaign for Air Wick was even better, driving a 5 extra turn on ad spend. As they have seen these results, they have more than doubled their ad spend with us over the last year. 
Newsfeed ads are performing very well. In an analysis by Datalogix of 55 ad campaigns on Facebook over the past six months, marketers saw a median return on ad sales of 3 times for campaigns that did not include ad in newsfeed, which is very solid performance. For campaigns that included newsfeed ads, the median return on ad sales was nearly double at 5.9X. During the second quarter we increased the number and type of ads in newsfeeds. At the same time, our click-through rates and cost per click metrics for newsfeed ads remained strong during the quarter, providing a good indicator of healthy and growing advertiser demand, and continued user interest in these ads. 
Custom Audiences is another key product that continues to gain momentum. This product enables our clients to enhance their ad targeting by marrying their data with ours in a privacy-protective way. In Q2 the number of marketers using Custom Audiences more than doubled relative to Q1. 
We also continue to innovate around our mobile ad products. In April, we launched ad targeting for future friends. This helps marketers, everyone from multi-nationals to local businesses, reach people in emerging markets who they could not easily reach before. While these ad markets are not especially large today, they'll become increasingly important in the years to come. 
In summary, we believe we're making strong progress executing our strategy. As I have mentioned in previous quarters, we are investing in mobile, measurement and product innovation. The results we're reporting today demonstrate the early returns on these investments. Looking ahead, we're enthusiastic about the long-term prospects for our business. The time people are spending on mobile devices is increasing dramatically, yet mobile represents just 2% of ad spend globally and 3% in the US. We have a massive and growing mobile user base. We have an impressive share of mobile time spent. And we have one of, if not the, most effective mobile ad products. Together, this positions us well to lead the mobile ad market. 
We believe that over time marketers will increasingly rely on Facebook, not just to reach people wherever they are but to fundamentally transform the way they build their businesses. As Facebook delivers personalized experiences to over 1.1 billion people, we also have a unique opportunity to deliver a more personalized advertising experience. As I meet with marketers all around the world, I find more and more that they are understanding the benefits of this opportunity. As a result, Facebook is poised to play a central role in the evolution of marketing. We know we still have a lot of hard work to do, but we're excited about this quarter and the opportunity in front of us. 
Now David. 

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I'd like to update you on our progress in Q2 against our key financial objectives -- increasing revenue, investing to drive our future growth, and positioning the Company to maximize long-term returns for our shareholders. It was a great quarter across the board as we continue to benefit from and effectively navigate the transition to mobile. 
Let's start with our network. Usage and engagement on Facebook remain extremely strong, as evidenced by the following. On an average day in June, 699 million people used Facebook, up 27% from last year. This represents 61% of the 1.15 billion people who accessed Facebook at any point during the month of June. Additionally, time spent per person on Facebook continues to increase. In aggregate across everyone in our network, time spent on Facebook exceeded 20 billion minutes each day in June. Separately, Instagram continues to grow rapidly with impressive engagement. And we announced last month we had over 130 million actives using the service. Overall, we're really pleased by the unprecedented growth and engagement of our community at this scale. 
Now let's turn to the financials. In Q2, total revenue was $1.81 billion, up 53%, or 54% when adjusted for constant exchange rates. Ad revenue was $1.6 billion, up 61% in the quarter, or 63% when adjusted for constant exchange rates. This was our strongest quarter in terms of advertising revenue growth since the third quarter of 2011. The performance was strong throughout the world, with ad revenue in each of our geographic regions growing by greater than 50%. Growth in advertising revenue was driven by an increase in the number of marketers, overall advertising demand, and the strong performance of newsfeed ads. Newsfeed ads work. They've been remarkably effective at delivering high levels of engagement, a significant increase in click-through rates and overall number of clicks. And marketers have increased budgets meaningfully in response. 
Overall ad impressions were up 43%. And the average price per ad was up 13% compared to last year. Ad impressions are up due to more people using our service worldwide, combined with the impact of reducing the price floor late in 2012, which resulted in more ads being shown, particularly in developing markets. In the US and Canada, where the price floor changes had a smaller impact, ad volume increased 6%. And average price per ad increased over 40% year over year, driven by the growth of higher performing newsfeed ads. Total payments and other fees revenue was $214 million in Q2, an increase of 11% versus last year. Payments revenue from gains specifically was up 7%. But we believe 11% represents the best apples-to-apples comparison if we adjust for items such as the change in revenue recognition timing we made late last year. 
We were pleased to see King's continued rapid growth on our games platform in Q2. King's strategy of launching games, like Candy Crush Saga, on Facebook, and subsequently launching on mobile, has proved to be an effective approach that enables people to seamlessly play games across desktop and mobile. And we expect other game developers to pursue a similar strategy. We believe Facebook continues to offer a compelling platform for developers to build great games and businesses. 
Overall RPU increased 25% compared to last year, to $1.60 per user for the quarter, including a 35% increase in the United States and Canada, as well as 30%-plus gains in all our other regions. 
Turning now to expenses, in Q2 our GAAP total expenses were $1.25 billion. Excluding stock compensation, non-GAAP total expenses increased 52% to $1.02 billion, primarily driven by head count and infrastructure. We ended the quarter just shy of 5,300 employees, up 33% from last year. And we continue to be pleased with our success in attracting talent. Our Q2 GAAP operating income was $562 million, representing a 31% operating margin. Excluding stock comp, our non-GAAP operating income was $794 million, a 44% non-GAAP operating margin. 
Our GAAP tax rate for Q2 was 39%. And our non-GAAP tax rate was 37%. GAAP net income was $333 million, or $0.13 per share. And non-GAAP income was $488 million, or $0.19 per share. We spent $268 million on CapEx in Q2 as we continued to invest in our data centers and facilities. While the relatively lower spend on CapEx in Q2 is partially the result of timing of purchases, it also reflects the returns from a significant effort by employees throughout the Company to make our software and hardware more efficient. CapEx will remain one of our primary areas of spend, since we need a powerful infrastructure to provide content-rich and personalized information to all the people who use our service around the world. But projects like Open Compute, and many others, are providing great returns for us. And helping ensure we're able to invest our resources in a disciplined and official manner. 
Of note, free cash flow in Q2 was over $1 billion. This is much higher than we expect in coming quarters, as Q2 free cash flow benefited from a $419 million tax refund and light quarterly spend on CapEx. But, still, $1 billion in free cash flow is a nice milestone for us against an important financial metric. In Q2, similar to prior quarters, upon the vesting of employee RFUs, we withheld shares and paid the associated income taxes for our employees. Which provides an outcome similar to Facebook having repurchased approximately $153 million worth of shares in the quarter. We ended Q2 with $10.3 billion in cash and investments. 
Now I want to conclude by sharing some thoughts about the second half of 2013. We expect newsfeed ads to remain the main driver of revenue growth in the second half of the year. And we believe we have a great opportunity to continue to drive long-term growth by improving the quality and relevance of these ads. However, remember that newsfeed ads really began to contribute to our revenue in the third and fourth quarters last year, which will make for more difficult year-over-year comparisons in Q3 and Q4 relative to Q2. Looking at expenses, consistent with what we've said previously, we plan to invest in our business. And continue to expect that our total non-GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue but excluding stock comp, will likely grow in the neighborhood of 50% for the full year 2013 compared to 2012. We also continue to expect that this over full-year expense growth rate will be faster than our year-over-year revenue growth rate for the full year 2013 compared to 2012. 
In terms of our tax rate, we expect that our Q3 and full-year non-GAAP tax rate will be a few percentage points higher than our Q2 rate. And, finally, we expect 2013 CapEx to be in the neighborhood of $1.6 billion. This is down from our prior estimate of $1.8 billion due to a combination of efficiency gains and changes in timing of purchases. Overall Q2 was a very strong quarter for us. We believe we're executing well, in particular with regard to the mobile transition, the investments we've been making over the past year are paying off, the business is growing rapidly, and we're excited about the opportunities ahead of us. 
Now let's open the call for questions.