Answer_1:

    Sure. In terms of the last part of your question, the percentage of FBA units of third-party paid physical units are over 40%. And in terms of the fulfillment discussion, we certainly -- Q4 is our most seasonal quarter. You can see that we get a little bit better leverage, I should say, than we've gotten in other quarters; again, most seasonal quarter. Not a lot to add to that, but we continue to ship on behalf of obviously our retail offerings as well as FBA, that's included in that.

Answer_2:

    Yes, I think what you are referring to, as I mentioned on the earlier call, that we do an annual planning process. We actually start it in the late summer, early fall. We go through that process; we take a break for the seasonal holidays, and then we get back to it. So we're in the process of finalizing it right now. And the teams are putting even more energy and attention on driving what we would call fixed expense and variable expense productivity, as well as other efficiency projects. So there's many, many different pieces that go into that. But certainly we've added a lot of people and structural over the last several years. And so we have been putting focus on that, but we're just putting even more focus on it as we finalize our plans for 2015.

Answer_3:

    You'll have to -- in terms of investment, certainly we're going to continue to support the growth of the business. You should expect that we'll be spending more in terms of CapEx to support our Web Services business, which is growing very fast. You should expect us to add fulfillment capacity. As we've done in prior years, we have updated you a bit as we've gone along. And so we'll do that from time to time during the year, as well, in 2015. So stay tuned on that.

Answer_4:

    Yes, in terms of the fulfillment piece, there's not a lot of callouts on that. We had unit growth of 20% year-over-year. Certainly, our FBA is growing at a faster rate; the sellers are up 65% over year. It's greater than 40% of our units. And, again, the teams continues to work on getting productivity there. In terms of AWS, yes, we just think it's an appropriate way to look at our business for 2015. And so our plan is to start breaking it out as of Q1 of this year.

Answer_5:

    If you take a look -- yes, what I had mentioned was Prime, worldwide, is up 53% year-over-year, so it's growing very fast globally. It's 50% growth in the US, and even higher in international. And so what I was -- the reason -- both are contributing to the growth rates that you're seeing, but we're certainly at an earlier stage in international. So it's an opportunity for us. But in terms of the number of Prime members relative to the US is smaller, so it's an earlier phase. So again, as we continue to grow that, it's an opportunity for us, and certainly something that we're focused on.

Answer_6:

    In terms of -- I'll take the AWS one first. We are expanding very rapidly. We are -- have been hiring a lot of great people over the past few years, and several years. We do think it's a big opportunity. We're making sure we keep the hiring bar really high to make sure we're bringing great resources, like we do across all of Amazon. And we're super-excited about the opportunity, so we are investing very heavily.
You see that certainly in our CapEx numbers. And the assets that we are acquiring with some of our capital leases, you see that represented. So again, we are investing very heavily, both in terms of people as well as capital for that business, and we share your excitement about the business.
In terms of the Prime piece, that proposition is a bit different by geography. And we continue to make it better in all of the geographies that we have Prime. That's something that we're focused on. The shipping speed is different by geography a bit, and so -- but the focus is all about how we make sure that we get a great experience for customers in those geographies.
But the one thing is different is -- you mentioned is that the proposition or the timing -- so the proposition is a little bit different. But we'll continue to work on making a better for all the geographies we have it in. But the timing is different.
We did launch in the US first, and we launched in other geographies following that; so, as a result, it's just earlier in these other geographies. So we still think it's a very good opportunity, and something that we're focused on.

Answer_7:

    In terms of the first question, we have continued to lower prices for customers in Web services. Certainly that's something that we've been focused on since early launch. It's something that we continue to focus on. It's hard to predict what will happen going forward, so really can't comment on what we might or might not do there. But, certainly, it is something that we've had since launch. We've had many, many -- it's in the high 40s, in think, in terms of pricing actions there. So we're very excited to make sure that we have great prices for customers.
In terms of that media, you are seeing an overall media growth, globally. You are seeing some softness in the growth rate there. I just want to point out, certainly one of the larger factors, or largest factor, that's in that number is -- keep in mind that we have -- we do game consoles that are part of the media growth numbers or the media absolute numbers. And last year was a very strong year for new console launches. And so what happens is when you have those launches, you also have video games that are -- the video game sales themselves are also strong. So, for example, if you look at North American media growth rate in Q4 of this past year, you're seeing that impact. So that's what you're seeing there.

Answer_8:

    Sure. Go for it, Mark.

Answer_9:

    I would say it this way. In terms of customer reaction, you see it really across the fundamental inputs that we've talked about for a long time. So in other words, in terms of speed of delivery and convenience, we see that with Prime members. Prime members are buying more. It's more convenient. They are getting their physical product to them faster versus being not a Prime member. So we certainly see that, so that certainly speed of delivery helps.
We also see -- we need to make sure, and it's something that we're always focused on, is making sure we have great prices. And that's every single item across categories, across geographies. So it's something we've focused on. We do think that's important for customers. And we need to be -- have the selection be in stock when a customer comes to our detail page. It matters.
So I don't view it as a shift. I view it as -- there's certainly a lot of visibility and transparency around all of these. That's what shopping and operating a business online does. There's just a tremendous amount of transparency. We think -- we like that world. And that's something that we continue to focus on those inputs so that we can be successful in that world. And that's not something new. That's something we've been focused on for a long time.

Answer_10:

    Yes, there's not -- I don't have really any callout for the Fire phone. We continue to sell. I had mentioned we had a little bit over $80 million of inventory at the end of Q3, and it will continue to sell through that in Q4.
In terms of fuel prices, not a lot to call out there in terms of impact on the quarter. Certainly, over a long period of time, if it's sustainable, we should see some benefits there.

Answer_11:

    Well, in terms of -- I would describe it this way, Gene. We have a lot of opportunities in front of us that we've talked about. And we're also being selective with those opportunities. We have added a lot of resources over the past few years. We certainly have been in a heavy investment cycle. I mentioned earlier, we're in the process of finalizing our plan for 2015. We always put energy into various productivity measures. But we're putting even -- the team is putting even more focus on those efforts as we finalize our 2015 plans.
We'll have to see where that ends up, but putting more energy and focus around our various fixed productivity, variable expense productivity, efficiency projects. And again, a wide range of different activities. And so, that's what we're doing, and you'll have to stay tuned to see how that progresses as we go.

Answer_12:

    Sure. In terms of India, we think it's very, very early. We are investing, certainly, in India and we think it's a very interesting opportunity. We have a very good team there, and we're excited to participate. And again, we think it is very early, so we like the opportunity there.
In terms of Prime, there's not a lot I can help you with on that, but I would say is this: certainly as you think about customers who are not Prime that become Prime, we see a very sizable step-up in their purchasing patterns. And so, the customers are certainly buying a lot more from us.
And one of the things that we're seeing -- another thing that we're seeing is certainly, as Jeff references in the quote, Prime has evolved. It is both a physical and digital offering. It's unique that way. We see, for example -- although it is still very early, and we're learning and investing in this area -- but I take video content, for example. What we see is customers that come in who come in through our Prime pipeline for video, for a free trial, those customers are converting at higher rates than other channels. We see that customers that are streamers, video streamers; even though we have high renewal rates, they are renewing at even higher rates than others.
We see those people who are customers who are streaming have a very similar purchase patterns on the physical product side as those who don't. And so we view that as a positive. So it's very integrated from a customer experience standpoint, which we think is great.
And so those are the things that we're seeing in Prime right now. And with Prime being almost 10 years old, growing at 53% year-over-year on a sizable base, tens of millions, we think is very interesting. And it's something that we're very focused on as we continue forward.

Answer_13:

    Sure. We haven't broken out the size of the business. I can't help you much there. But we continue to work on the customer experience there. The team has some interesting ideas that you'll have to stay tuned on of how to make that experience better, and we continue to work on it. So, there's not a lot more that I can add to that.

Answer_14:

    Sure. In terms of the North American media, a number of different, certainly, puts and takes there. But certainly, by far, the biggest one is the one I called out, which is the video game consoles. So if you look at the growth rate in Q4 last year, meaning 2013, and Q4 2014, you see a big difference. And the biggest, the most sizable difference there is certainly the video game consoles portion, and the video games associated with those.
So another way to say it is, the video game consoles and video games portion of that is down year-over-year. And obviously, years ago, we put the video game consoles as part of North American media to keep it with video games, and their kind of larger ASP items, as well, to go in there. So certainly having an impact on that when you look at the growth [row] and you compare 2013 growth -- Q4 2013 growth to Q4 2014 growth there.
In terms of CapEx, we're not giving guidance on the 2015 spend. But given the high usage rates that we've had in Web Services, you should expect that we'll be spending CapEx to support that growth. And we'll certainly be adding new fulfillment centers as we go. Also, keep in mind that we do also finance capital. So if you look at our capital lease activity, point to that -- that's also increased in activity over the last few years.
Certainly a number of different investments that are going -- different types of CapEx that go into that financing; but the biggest piece is certainly infrastructure to support our business, primarily on the AWS side. So, again, that's also included in that number.

Answer_15:

    Sure. In terms of the sort centers -- and I would say just in -- I would say, in addition to sort centers, what's happened over the course of the last several years is, with all the fulfillment centers that we've added, we've actually gotten selection closer to customers. And so, that's helped us from a delivery speed standpoint. It has helped us from a cost standpoint in terms of transportation cost, being closer to customers. And so, it's a natural result of the footprint that we've added.
In terms of sortation centers, there's a lot of different benefits to that. But certainly one of them is as you get closer and closer -- certainly throughout the year it's helped us with holiday deliveries; it's helped us with Sunday deliveries. And as we get closer to, in this case, December to the holiday -- end of the holidays, it has certainly helped us from a delivery to customer standpoint. So we're very pleased with the performance of those sortation centers. And really the global team, fulfillment team around the world, I think they did a terrific job during the holiday season, as they did throughout the year.

Answer_16:

    Sure. The first one is certainly the growth rates, the real growth rates, are slower in international versus North America; certainly would have an impact. The second is we continue to invest in international in terms of adding capacity for infrastructure, for fulfillment capacity. As our -- if you look at our international growth rates, the unit growth rates are actually growing at a higher rate than revenue.
And then emerging geographies; we talked about India earlier. Very excited about India. We are investing in India. We are also investing in China. So those are certainly impacting the results as well.

Answer_17:

    Certainly AWS -- mix of business is having an impact. AWS is certainly part of that, and impacting that. Also just to keep in mind, our third-party growth is growing at a faster rate than retail, and so certainly that's having an impact. And then obviously continuing to lower prices for customers, as well as working with our partners on the vendor side to support those activities from a pricing standpoint. So those are the dynamics.
And in terms of 2015, beyond the guidance that we're giving, there's not a lot of call-out there. But we've had a great success of being to grow our retail offerings. Our Marketplace side has grown very nicely over the years, including 2014. The team has done a great job there. Fulfilled by Amazon, in terms of number of sellers, continue to grow there. The percentage of paid physical units are approximately 40%, or a little over 40% of the total there. So that has become much more meaningful over the past several years; so, very happy about that. So all those contribute to the numbers that you just talked about.

Answer_18:

    You know, very happy to have the launch, make the launch that you mentioned. We think it's exciting. It's certainly -- we're excited overall about Web Services offerings. The team has done an incredible job in terms of innovation, as well as operating these large services at scale. So they're doing a terrific job. In terms of what we might or might not do in the future, we're not talking about what that roadmap is, so you'll have to stay tuned.

Answer_19:

    Yes, we really aren't using advertising too much in that area. You've seen it a little bit on some of our original content. But beyond that, we really can't comment. We think the experience we have is great for customers. We get a lot of positive feedback on the content that we have there, and the uninterrupted content, if you will. And so wouldn't speculate on what we might or might not do there, but we're getting great feedback from customers.

Answer_20:

    Thank you for joining us on the call today, and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

