Answer_1:

    I think we have leadership position as told to us by the people and how they rate people in terms of activities and capabilities and things like that. But most importantly, it's how your customers use you and what you see going on. So if you look at the Page 14 that Paul took you through, you can see the growth in transactions and trends in activity. And well, you mentioned the drive after the crisis, but the reality is the drive started before the crisis. And we were one of the first apps available on smartphones, way back to the start of the iPhone, and so that helped us grow quickly. But it is a core platform for us. The question is how do we drive all its feature functionality. The deposits that go through on a daily basis are equivalent to 1,000 branch activity and deposits, to give you an example, so it's moved major amounts of activity. We're excited about the Zelle payment levels because, at the end of the day, we have $5 billion that we spend a year on cash currency, checks moving around our company and the system, that the way we're going to get there is by coming -- digitizing those and eliminating cash and driving that. And so things like Zelle, while they are small numbers compared to all the other payment forms today, the pace that they're growing at with the digital wallets and other things will help drive it there. So we feel we're a leader. We expect to be a leader. The activity grows faster. And I think you put it against any kind of mobile, digital person out there, 1.2 billion customer interactions in the quarter shows you that people believe that this must be pretty good.

Answer_2:

    No, yes, and no. Yes, in the sense that we know the cost of the various things and branch transaction for deposits 10x more than a mobile transaction. But remember, at the same time, we're investing heavily in the high touch side of our house, 2,000 more salespeople, a lot of those in consumer refurbishing all the branches, building out branches and things like that because at the end of the day, 20-odd percent of sales are on digital and mobile, but 80% aren't. And because of nature of the intimate customer discussions, because of nature of what customers want to discuss and have face-to-face help on, the branches are critically important to that. So the real question is you have to have both to be successful. The model doesn't work solely one or the other and the model of having both works in that where you can see the activity growth. Think about the deposit growth year-over-year in consumer $50-odd billion and start to think about that in the context of activity.

Answer_3:

    Yes, sure. We instituted hopefully a year ago now, if not longer, we pulled back a little bit on CRE. So we're still servicing customers there. We're still making loans, but we're not -- we're just being a little bit more cautious, and so you're not seeing a lot of growth in our CRE balances. And I would point out that, that kind of makes a 4% growth all that more kind of interesting given our stance there.

Answer_4:

    Mostly in wealth management, and it's -- I wouldn't say it's in 1 place or another. It's cut across a lot of the different deposit products we offer to that community of investors and depositors.

Answer_5:

    Glenn, if you go to Page 10 of the supplement package, you can see the comparison of the third quarter last year to this year. And you start to think about some of the numbers you were citing. But if you look at the different categories, you're going to see that most of move is in now money market, which is -- that's where the wealth management business is and the $240 billion-odd number in there, about $140 billion of it is really people's invested cash. And so if we make an allocation like we did in the second quarter to less cash and more equities, that actually brings deposits out, and then people are obviously thinking as investment cash. These are accounts that might have $5 million in securities in it and $500,000 of cash. So, obviously, rate structure moves in that. But if you think about it across a year, there's been a 75 basis point increase in Fed funds, and you start to put these numbers against an even wealth management, it's relatively modest in terms of change in the overall. The other thing that drives our profitability is if you look at that page, go down and you remember that's an noninterest-bearing account. The deposits are still 0, and they grew -- there are $436 billion of noninterest-bearing accounts. If you look in the consumer side of that, you know that drives the profitability and that's where it comes from.

Answer_6:

    I would not say we're...

Answer_7:

    CDs are down $4 billion at Bank of America year-over-year.

Answer_8:

    This is about providing our GWIM clients with an alternative, a deposit alternative if they want to take it since they have options of AUM and brokerage for some of their excess cash.

Answer_9:

    We talked about that last quarter where we made a decision to add some balance sheet to our equities business. We see an opportunity there. We've made a lot of investments in technology. We've got great relationships, and there's an opportunity to add a little bit more leverage to that business. We provide some balance sheet. So we did that last quarter, and we continued that this quarter and see now it's having an effect. It's, like I said, it's PB, but it's also synthetic PB in Europe. So it's both synthetic and physical.

Answer_10:

    Yes. I would say we feel great about the work we did. We've always talked about expenses not being a straight line, the same line every quarter. This quarter, we did maybe a little bit better than other quarters. You're right. It was down about $300 million year-over-year. And those expense reductions were broad based across personnel and nonpersonnel.

Answer_11:

    Yes. Look, we -- it's a good question. We -- I think the industry was assuming that, that would end at around -- in the second quarter. It looks like it may extend to the third quarter because we're not going to get to the level they need to get to. So that actually hurts us, and that's why we always say we're going to get to approximately $53 billion for full year '18. There's a lot of things that can happen. I don't know the exact amount is. Is it roughly around $100 million quarterly?

Answer_12:

    Yes.

Answer_13:

    It's around $100 million quarterly. So it's a material number.

Answer_14:

    I think a little more than $100 million, frankly, but I can get back to you on that.

Answer_15:

    A couple of things. One, we would expect to keep moving up the ladder in terms of capital management. This year, 88%, I think, is a number and you expect us to keep pushing forward. And, two, on the levels where 9.5, you'd add 50, 75 basis points on top of that. SIFI buffer levels can bounce around on you, but we think about somewhere around 10-10.5%. And if you subtract that from the 12%, that's a pretty good amount of excess capital.

Answer_16:

    Yes. I'm just -- look, the target now goes back to the middle of '16. We said at that time, we would achieve approximately $53 billion for full year '18. So obviously, it's just a little harder if FDIC doesn't roll-off in the second quarter and extends in the third quarter, but we're going to get there either way.

Answer_17:

    Betsy, I think if you look at the quarterly progression across all expense category, it comes from everywhere. And so it comes from the data center configurations that we took a charge and move a lot of stuff last quarter. It comes from continuing to shed real estate occupancy costs. It comes from lower headcount. That was down 1,000 this quarter. It comes from taking out the spans and layers for things we called organizational health. But if you think of it more strategically, it comes from basically applying technology in digitizing processes, and so across the -- our wholesale banking and credit underwriting initiative, I talked about, we've been able to save about 20% of the headcount thereby consolidating our activities and bringing their activities together. We'll have another big chunk as we go to apply the technology that we are developing that's not yet deployed. And so it's 1,000 ideas, it's little -- I mean, thousands of ideas. It's literally across the board and the team does a great job of just going after piece by piece by piece and then we can manage the sort of repositioning cost by getting ahead of it and doing it on a rational basis, so that attrition -- we'll hire 8,000 people this quarter to maintain our headcount sort of neutral or down a bit. So we have lots of chances not to hire people and continue to shrink the company when we apply this technology.

Answer_18:

    Yes, there'll be more -- there will be more there because of like trade finance, we started digitizing more processors. And if those process improve out, we'll drive it. There's a lot in the back-office of the securities clearance capabilities that is going on. So there are -- the numbers are -- consumer always dominates in terms of the numbers in a lot of ways just if you think about it, but GWIM has a bunch of digitization efforts, a bunch that saves statements and we send up 12 statements. If we can get people take e-statements that saves 12 times a year times whatever it costs for that particular statement. So these things are never -- if there's some silver bullet, you could shoot and take care of it all at once, we had a shot at it already, this is just hard work.

Answer_19:

    Yes. I mean, I think we've given the guidance on the expense side. If you think about something like in a global transaction services platform, cash management, as people call it, there has always been a loss in revenue that you're fighting against when paper, which people pay us, mode of process turns to digital. We lose revenue, but we save expenses at a faster rate. That has been going through the numbers for last several years. So the revenue growth we see in cash management takes that all into account. So it's more customers, more activity fighting off with the customers are converting cash to digital. So, yes, that's a part of it, but you're seeing in our run rate. There's not -- there's nothing sort of ahead of us that's unusual compared to the quarter-to-quarter sort of picking away at us that goes on in that regard.

Answer_20:

    I think through both the revenue lift they get as the rate structure rises and good expense management, we'd expect that it should move down below 50 at some point, but we never say to people where do we think it can get to some big target. The consumer teams has set some targets. I said, don't give people targets because then they'll think that that's success. We don't know where it goes. In other words, over -- I'm not talking about next quarter, but over multiple years when you continue to drive the revenue expense play here because the accumulating core transaction deposit account and getting it from $2,000 over the last 8, 10 years to $6,000 per account is a tremendous revenue lift by focusing primary counts as the number of accounts actually fell by 10%. And so that dynamic is what we're after. So, yes, it will move down, but I wouldn't -- we never put that success because then people quit working.

Answer_21:

    The deposits to consumer just, Mike, which are more -- and small business, which are more related to your thing, are actually up 9% year-over-year and up 4%. That's the all-in corporate level, including GWIM and commercial. But if you look at it across time, it really depends on where you're closing the branch, obviously, and what's nearby, but the retention rates continue to go up. The -- over time because the physical plant becomes less dominant and relevant to the customer, and so what we're doing is fine-tuning the branch count and often consolidating into a bigger branch, and we've invested heavily into the quality of the branch itself with the numbers of people there. So our branches are getting bigger in terms of numbers of people in them and smaller in terms of count. When you think about it, the customer fall off in terms of numbers of accounts, was really continuing to focus on that primary account. So as we do that, the balances are up twice in the accounts, I think, over the last 7 years or something like that and account numbers are down from 34 million to 31 million. That was all given by our view that we had to get to the primary account because that's where the profit can be made and the core transaction capabilities are there. So we closed a lot of people -- people runoff who were using us as a secondary or third bank just because they loved our distribution of ATMs and things like that and basically we have emphasized primary account sales.

Answer_22:

    We don't disclose it separately, Mike. That's all in there. So in that 9% growth is every thing we did so...

Answer_23:

    That always depends on the customer behavior and other factors. We are deploying new branches, hundreds of them over a multiyear period into places we didn't have branches before, located more strategically given circa 2017 and beyond banking. So we don't put -- again it's not another number, we target a number. What we target is a more and more efficient system. And so each day, 3/4 of 1 million people come into our branches and our teammate serves them well, and our scores of those branches are all times high in terms of satisfaction, and 80% of sales go on in that space. So I wouldn't want to cut them back at one branch more than the customer wants us to do it by evidence by their behavior.

Answer_24:

    I don't think it's -- it's not a function of the DOL. It's function of our desire to give our customers an alternative to leave their money in a deposit account at Bank of America as opposed to seeking other alternatives within our AUM and brokerage platforms. So that's what's driving this. It's a meaningful increase, but it's nothing when you think about the 100 basis points that we've seen here. It's not a significant amount.

Answer_25:

    Just philosophically, we said our team, "You got to maintain the operating leverage given relative pricing against the rate curve because the rate curve, we got to zero fullers for so long." And so they have to grow faster than the market 4% or 5%, at least you've got to grow deposits, then you've got to maintain the pricing discipline. What happens at GWIM, frankly, is they got a little behind the curve and they had to move in a single quarter, and they did. And so what you see in the period-end deposits, even though the average I think is down. Period end actually is up, and so they were able to shut down some of the runoff as Paul just described, but it's really localized in the GWIM business, and it's really driven by a subset of those deposits, which are in asset management accounts and in brokerage accounts that are a part of an investment strategy that is different than transactional checking accounts and things that are driving both in our commercial business in our consumer business. And so that's why you see if you go look at Page 10 and kind of sort throughly, you'll see there's differences and it's really narrowly in the area that has to do with really investment cash rather than transitional and transactional cash.

Answer_26:

    Well, first, let me say that our outlook on NII absent to any change of rates is going to be dependent on loan and deposit growth offset by deposit rate pay, which is mostly going to be driven here by competitive factors. So if we get a 25 basis point rate hike in December, again, most of that will see in the first quarter, the benefit, and it's going to depend on what our customers need and want and what the competitive dynamic is. I mean, that I don't know how else to answer that question. We don't know yet what we're going to do. We have to see how the market develops.

Answer_27:

    But secondly, in the $3.2 billion for 100 basis points is modeled in a rate of change relative to that interest rate change for deposit pricing. We have better that and because of the power of the franchise and other things, and we'd expect to continue to maintain that discipline.

Answer_28:

    We still think provision is expected to roughly match net charge-offs. You could see some modest increase as we bounce around the bottom with respect to net charge-offs in commercial and as we build allowance in support of loan growth, however, these factors may be offset by the release of noncore consumer real estate and energy as we sort of have been experiencing here over the last few quarters. So no change there.

Answer_29:

    Over the last 5 quarters, the average has been $900 million.

Answer_30:

    Look, we've been experiencing a solid loan growth in consumer and GWIM and in -- on the wholesale side in Global Banking. You saw that again this quarter. We don't -- so we talk about loan growth for the whole company being driven by deposit growth, and so if you think about our deposit growth and the size of our deposits relative to our loans, every quarter we grow deposits, and we put as much of that to work as we can in loan growth and whatever doesn't go to loans and client growth goes into the investment portfolio or cash. So if you're growing deposit sort of mid-single digit, that means you're going to grow total loans low single digits. We don't think that's going to change given the current economic environment. But as you've seen, because we have a significant runoff portfolio in All Other, that has translated into mid-single digit loan growth in our business segments, and that's what we're comfortable with.

Answer_31:

    Yes, look, we are always, always thinking about the trade-off between earnings liquidity and capital where we have a risk framework that we operate in with respect to the securities portfolio. But remember, when you're growing deposits in consumer 8%, those are, we believe, high-quality deposits. So they have a meaningful duration. And you've got to find investments on the asset side to match what you believe the duration of those deposits are. So we're very thoughtful about it, and we think about it all the time. We haven't made a lot of changes into how we're operating. We're operating within our risk framework, and we feel good about kind of what we're doing there.

Answer_32:

    I think one of the things to remember is that as you think about deposits, in our $1 trillion plus of deposits, we have significant more consumer personal deposits than anybody else does, which then if you think through the resolution planning and how those are treated and all that stuff, those deposits are extremely valuable. If you think of the consumers, it was 4 basis points last year and 4 basis points this year. You're going to continue to grow those because unless the curve flattens in the way that would be below 4 basis points plus the FDIC, you'd start to think of -- which no one thinks it is going to do. It's still a very valuable idea to generate more customers and generate more deposits. But we continue to really push that with -- its almost $900 billion in deposits in our GWIM and consumer businesses, which are tremendously valuable in terms of what drives this franchise's profit. So there's no way we're turning down more customers with good core deposits.

Answer_33:

    Yes. But we -- I mean, if you think about the all-in cost, then it's still much -- it's still very advantage cost of $600 million a quarter for the $1.2 trillion in deposits in total. These numbers -- think about that a second, and you think that there's a lot of advantage in any yield curve.

Answer_34:

    Portion is, obviously, focused on the right thing, is focused on the economics, but remember these are our customers and we want to make sure that they have the right alternatives for them to make good decisions about whether they want to keep the deposit or whether they want some other alternative.

Answer_35:

    These are our customers who are originating mortgage either through purchase or refinancing, and we like the risk profile. We know them. We're focused on primes and superprime, and we -- so it's mostly nonconforming, but there is some conforming in there. We still are selling some through the agencies and, obviously, that would -- that adds duration to the asset side to the extent that it starts getting a lot, but we'll manage that, and remember we're adding deposits.

Answer_36:

    Also don't think that we don't manage -- we manage that rate risk through a whole bunch of things, including derivatives and stuff, too. So it's not like we just sit there and throw the long assets on and leave them there.

Answer_37:

    Well, we have a -- how you should think about is that you can't grow in a business which is largely driven by face-to-face interaction for the wealth management business and the commercial business in total and a large part of the consumer business. If you don't grow in your sales force, you can't grow your production. If you don't grow your production, you can't grow your balances. And so all those balances were growing loan balances and deposit balances and are all driven by having more sales capabilities. And so unless you assume your team isn't working hard, which is absolutely not the truth. The Bank of America team works very hard. You got to add more capacity and to serve the customers, we have tremendous opportunities. So whatever metric and you can stun yourself with the opportunity. The number of customers who have their banking accounts that are in a wealth management business with other banks, hundreds of billions of dollars of bank deposit balances and loan balances, the amount of middle market Investment Banking goes to competitors from our middle market clients is 70%, 80% of their activity, which we should be capturing a lot more of. So we added middle market investment banker. So that capacity is a requirement. If we look at all the markets, 92 markets in the U.S., we look at the relative market shares, we look at what we should be able to do, we look at how our team works together and we deploy those people in units and between 6 -- 5 or 6 core business of operating markets to make sure building markets so they can play off each other and then they work to get business together and refer business back and forth. So without that sales force build, you won't have growth in the future.

Answer_38:

    Yes. So we've been growing our card book. We have a back book that is well seasoned. We have a front book that we're growing and that is seasoning like any other normal portfolio card. And you're seeing, I think, that across the industry. So we feel really very good about our card portfolio. We're focused on again prime and super prime. We're focused on our customers. We did see a modest pickup in NCOs year-over-year, but that was fully expected and planned for. So nothing here from our perspective unusual.

Answer_39:

    No. If you think about the whole card business, we reshaped it over the last 10 years, quite frankly, has been a move to more and more relationship customers whose credit statistics are relatively consistent over time. And so while we have a year-over-year increase in card charge-offs, linked quarter, it fell back down. And so you should expect this thing to bounce around in these rates, but it's because of the nature of the way we originate the cards to its core relationship customers and then our focus is not necessarily getting a lot more cards out there. It's really get people to use their card as the primary card out of their wallet, the Bank of America customer, the Bank of America card and using it and that's where we're driving the business. So I don't think you expect the strategy is responsible growth. So the balances grew $1 billion or $1.2 billion, a couple of billion here over the last year, but we do -- it's going to be steady to go and drive it. So you shouldn't see major changes in terms of nominal dollars of charge-offs.

Answer_40:

    Yes. So let me just take a step back as lot of people are in the call and just review what we did. So we did launch it last month. It's a card that we launched because we're listening to our customers, and we want to design a card that rewarded them. We rewarded those customers who wanted to deepen their relationship with us even further, and importantly, we also wanted to give them the flexibility to use their rewards the way they wanted to use them. Similar to all our other cards, we are very careful to balance the customer value with the shareholder value rewards that are very clear and transparent. We've got enough from fee in this card that we're not waiving. So we've been very mindful of the profitability of the product, and we don't expect any significant impact at this point anyways. We'll see how it goes, but at this point, any significant impact to card income from existing upfront.

Answer_41:

    I mean, if you look at rates at the end of last quarter, you look at rates where they are now. There really wasn't -- hasn't been a lot of change. So that's -- it's the rate structure both existing at the end of the quarter versus existing then plus what the forward path look like at both those points that drives that asset sensitivity disclosure, and they were kind of similar at both points.

Answer_42:

    Not really. It's still around 2/3 short end.

Answer_43:

    Look, we -- again, we're focused on prime, superprime. We're focused on our customers, and we're just not seeing it in that group. I'm looking at a page here, it's  on it. And after you adjust for the OCC bankruptcy and the repossession if you look at card, if you look at auto, if you look at consumer vehicle lending and you make an appropriate adjustment net charge-offs, they haven't really gone up, linked quarter or versus Q1. So we're just not seeing it yet in our net charge-offs.

Answer_44:

    That's been a multiyear discipline. This is not something that happened this quarter. This is multiyears of changing the underwriting standards and sticking to it and not varying those standards as we move through time. So we changed the mortgage underwriting standards in '07 and '08. We changed the card standards about the same time. The auto standards have always been high. We've always made that a business that we took very little credit risk in, and so when you think about it, we just don't see it, but it's -- a lot of it is just sticking to the knitting over the years into the responsible growth strategy and the team finding the growth in the customers. And so the debate has always been, "can you grow?" and answer is yes. But you've got to grow in a rationale, responsible basis. So -- and that's what's playing out, and that's this quarter relative to other people, I think.

Answer_45:

    Well, I think the -- it takes a lot to build them up to the level of deposits, obviously, but what we've seen so far, and that's going to be one of the things you test every quarter is that some of the branches will be opened in Denver, quickly moved into the top 10% of sales and a lot of stuff. Now why is that different than the de novo branching? A, we have a nationwide brand; B, we have wealth management and commercial businesses in all these markets; C, we have card customers and mortgage customers in these markets that were -- that we had for years. And so a lot of times, you're converting a deepening proposition as opposed to I'm opening a store and seeing what comes in. And the fourth is, we strategically locate them near where the rest of our teammates are and drive it. So they're getting up to speed faster. I won't give you the exact date that we target and things like that because it's proprietary, but you should assume they're getting up to speed faster. You should assume that we're smart enough that we're not going to build them if they don't work.

Answer_46:

    Sure. So on the first point on the white papers and all the other stuff, that you've been seeing, it looked -- as an industry, I think it goes without saying that we really have a vested interest in regional regulation that also promotes safety and soundness. So we are very focused on that. I would say that we are for regulatory refinement that promotes economic growth while protecting your financial stability. There's been a lot of discussion out there, a lot of white papers, a lots of great points that are being made in those papers, but we would be in favor sort of generally in the type of refinement that allows us more access and control over our capital liquidity in support of responsible growth that we've been talking about all throughout this call in support of the economy and the communities where we live and work and for lending and for capital return. We've talked about how large our buffer is. We'd also like to see a little bit more efficient regulation driven by harmonization across the regulatory bodies. So we're going to work with whatever parties we can to see some of this get refined in a responsible way. On your second question was on RWA -- oh, on operational risk capital, yes, one of our favorite subjects. Yes, look, we have -- 1/3 of our advanced RWA is operational risk RWA. It's a floor that's been given to us by regulators. That $500 billion is 33% more than our next closest competitor has in operational risk RWA. That $500 billion is more RWA than just about all the European banks have in total RWA. So we'd like to make progress on that. The advanced approach is something we used to manage risk of the company. So it's important to have an accurate amount of RWA as we think about how we're managing the company. Having said all that, I would point out that at least in the United States with the Collins amendment, we have to have an amount of RWA that is the higher of standardized and advanced. And as we continue to make progress on optimizing how we deliver for customers and clients, we are optimizing our advanced RWA, and it's getting closer and closer to standardize. So at some point, standardize will likely become our binding constraint. That doesn't mean that the operational risk capital is not -- operational risk RWA is not important, it is. But standardize, at some point, will become our binding constraint and make that a little bit move.

Answer_47:

    Look, we don't really go through them line by line. I think, you guys know all the big ones. I'd be happy to sort of list a couple of those if you want. What I would say is if you look at our disclosures, we still have $2 billion in reserves for reps and warranties, and we've got another $2 billion at least as of the end of the second quarter in the RPL for reps and warranties. So we're going to work through these things, and we're going to see over time how all of that plays out.

Answer_48:

    Well, I think a number of things. Number one, you've got the general picture, right, which is we're getting it down to $53 billion. That puts us in a level we have a higher position of wealth management, which has revenue-related compensation that obviously is a 27% pretax margin. You flip that around 83% efficiency ratio, and it's a meaningful amount of dollars, but it's a great return on capital business. And last thing you want to do is not grow it. So that creates a dynamic around the aggregation of all these numbers, and you look at the other ones in there, 50-ish type of numbers across the board. So we're going to drive that. When you think about in the future, the way we talk about is the $53 billion is the '18 target. We try to hold it flattish after that, fighting to apply technology, all things you talked about more digitization and the early callers -- the early questioners talked about and using that to offset the fact that medical care premiums go up 6%, 7%. Something else goes up, rents go up and things like that and pay for all that and merit increases and bigger bonus pools because our teammates are doing a good job. So all that, you're fighting that and if you keep it flattish and then the question of what scenario you're playing into, your rates rise a little bit that, of course, is the bottom line and that's we told you guys before, and that's what we'll tell you in the future there's no additional cost to that. If it comes through wealth management fee generation, it's going to have more expense attached to it. So there's a little bit of a debate -- little bit of what's your scenario you're playing into. But we don't target -- the efficiency ratio is a result of all the hard work that goes in to keep expenses flat down to $53 billion and flattish after that. That will then produce the efficiency ratio based a little bit on the revenue scenario, which will be good on the economics and what's going on out there. But you should rest assured after $20 billion of expenses in the last 5 years taken out of this company that there's no team that is more focused on this than the team that works for me.

Answer_49:

    Thank you, operator. Let me just wrap up quickly. Thank you all for being on the call today, and thank you and look forward to talking to you next quarter. As you think about Bank of America over the quarter 3 of 2017, it's pretty straightforward: responsible growth. It's evidenced across the company in all different fashions, whether it's -- we've got to grow no excuses. You saw that in balances and revenue. We've got to do with the right customer focus, we've got to do with the right risk and we've got to do it and be sustainable. When we say sustainable, that means we've got to do it and keep investing in the future, and you saw us do that also. When we do that right, we can take more capital and deliver back to you through dividend and share buybacks. And as we told you earlier, we'll nearly double that year-over-year. So thank you. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.

