
Good morning. Before Bruce Thompson and Brian Moynihan begin their comments, let me remind you that this presentation does contain some forward-looking statements regarding both our financial condition and financial results and that these statements involve certain risks that may cause actual results in the future to be different from our current expectations. And please see our press release and SEC documents for more reference and with that, let me turn it over to Bruce.

Great. Thanks, Kevin and good morning, everyone. I am going to start on slide 4 as we work through the presentation. We earned $0.20 per fully diluted share during the first quarter, or $2.6 billion, up significantly from both the first and fourth quarters of last year. The one item we want to highlight upfront, since it only happens once a year, is approximately $900 million of expense related to retirement-eligible stock-based compensation awards that we have had in the first quarter for the past several years.
We believe first-quarter results demonstrate significant progress towards the goals we have discussed over the past several quarters. Global Markets client activity drove improved sales and trading results versus the fourth quarter of 2012 while investment banking performance remained strong.
Global Wealth & Investment Management reported record earnings post the Merrill Lynch merger. Expenses in most of our businesses continue to decline, although they are partially offset by higher revenue-related incentive compensation and the impact of expense related to annual retirement-eligible stock-based compensation awards.
Capital and liquidity both continue to strengthen and are at record levels by most metrics. The interest rate environment continues to be challenging, but moderate loan growth and reduced average long-term debt helped stabilize net interest income versus the fourth quarter.
Credit quality improved in almost all products and both consumer and commercial loss rates were the lowest in several years. And we continue to make strides in resolving legacy issues as we just recently reached an agreement to settle three class-action lawsuits involving Countrywide-issued RMBS.
On slide 5, if we look at the balance sheet, you can see the total balance sheet was down from both the fourth quarter of last year, as well as the year-ago period, although total loans are up slightly. If we look at commercial loans and leases, they are up 3% relative to the fourth quarter of 2012 and up 17% compared to the year-ago period.
If we move down to deposits, deposits were down slightly from the fourth quarter of '12 to the first quarter of '13, although up approximately $54 billion, or 5%, from the first quarter of 2012. Tangible common equity ratio was up 20 basis points from the fourth quarter to 6.94% and tangible book value was up about $0.10 to $13.46 at the end of the first quarter.
As you know, we started reporting under Basel I incorporating the Market Risk Final Rule this quarter. The change added approximately $87 billion to risk-weighted assets. As you can see on slide 6, at the end of March, our Tier 1 common capital ratio under Basel I, incorporating this change was approximately 10.6%, up from what we would have reported had we incorporated the change at the end of last year.
Under Basel III, on a fully phased-in basis, Tier 1 common capital was estimated to be $131 billion, or 9.4%, versus the fourth-quarter estimated calculation of $129 billion and 9.25% respectively.
I do want to bring to your attention that effective January 1 of this year on a prospective basis, we adjusted the amount of capital being allocated to the business segments. The adjustment reflects an enhancement to prior-year methodology and now considers the effect of regulatory capital requirements in addition to our internal risk-based economic capital models. On slide 22 in the appendix, we summarize the adjusted allocations for you.
If we turn to slide 7, our global excess liquidity sources remain very strong at $372 billion. Ending long-term debt did increase $4.1 billion from the fourth quarter of '12 as we funded the January payment for the Fannie Mae settlement and opportunistically accelerated our 2013 issuance plans.
While we issued $11.5 billion of vanilla parent company debt during the quarter, we still expect our long-term debt to decline over the remainder of 2013, as well as during 2014. Our parent company liquidity remains strong at $100 billion and time to required funding was 30 months. We would expect to continue to remain over two years of coverage.
If you turn to slide 8, net interest income, our net interest income increased from $10.6 billion, or a net interest yield of 2.35% in the fourth quarter, to $10.9 billion or 2.43% in the first quarter of 2013. If we adjust these numbers for FAS 91 in hedge ineffectiveness, on the upper right-hand chart, you can see that net interest income was effectively flat at $10.6 billion, or 2.37% during the first quarter of 2013.
As we look at these results, we benefited obviously from the market-related premium amortization expense. In addition, we also benefited from higher commercial loan balances, as well as the reduction in the average long-term debt, as well as the deposit rates paid. Those benefits were partially offset by lower consumer loan balances and yields, as well as two fewer days during the period.
Let's move to slide 9 and look at expenses. Total expenses were down from both the first quarter a year ago and the fourth quarter as we delivered on expense reductions in LAS, as well as ongoing cost savings in our other businesses from New BAC. LAS expenses, excluding litigation in the IFR acceleration agreement, were down approximately $500 million from the fourth quarter to $2.6 billion during the first quarter. This decrease marks the first quarter where the correlation between expenses and lower delinquent loan levels is visible. Delinquent loan levels started to drop during the middle of last year, but as we have previously said, there is a lag of one to two quarters before you see the associated expenses decrease. LAS headcount for March was down approximately 3000 from December while headcount, excluding LAS, was down approximately 1000.
As we have said previously, we believe that LAS expenses ex-litigation will be at $2.1 billion or lower in the fourth quarter of this year and we feel like the progress that we made during the first quarter in getting to that goal was quite strong. Excluding LAS expenses, litigation and annual retirement-eligible cost, expenses in the quarter in the red box on the slide were $13.8 billion, an increase of $558 million from the fourth quarter of '12 and down $920 million, or 6%, from the first quarter a year ago.
The increase from the fourth quarter was due to higher revenue-related incentive compensation, approximately $800 million, which more than offset the impact of cost savings. We continue to believe that we will achieve 75% of Project New BAC cost saves, or $1.5 billion per quarter by the fourth quarter of this year.
The effective tax rate for the quarter was 28% with nothing noteworthy to point out. We would expect a slightly higher effective tax rate for the rest of the year, plus or minus any unusual items like another UK tax rate reduction. This year's expected UK rate reduction of 3%, up from the previous assumption of 2%, should be enacted in the third quarter and will result in a charge of approximately $1.2 billion to write down our UK DTA in that quarter.
If we turn to slide 10, you can see that credit quality continues to improve. Net charge-offs declined 19% to $2.5 billion during the first quarter, which is the lowest level in several years. The consumer loss rate dropped 34 basis points to 1.7%, the lowest since the beginning of 2008 while the commercial loss rate declined 5 basis points to 25 basis points, the lowest since 2006.
Provision expense of $1.7 billion includes a reserve reduction of approximately $800 million, reflecting the improved trends. NPLs and reservable criticized balances also continue to decrease. In addition, 28%, or $6.4 billion, of our NPAs are current consumer loans that were modified and are now current after successful trial periods or our loans classified as NPAs due to regulatory guidance that was issued in the second half of 2012. Our allowance coverage to annualized charge-offs increased from 1.96 times in the fourth quarter of 2012 to 2.2 times in the first quarter of 2013.
If we turn to slide 11, we highlight the results of Consumer & Business Banking. Starting this quarter, we have combined business banking and deposits for reporting purposes. Pretax earnings for Consumer & Business Banking increased 4% versus the fourth quarter driven by improved credit costs, as well as lower expenses. However, net income was relatively flat due to a higher tax rate. Average deposit balances increased 4%, or $18 billion compared to the fourth quarter driven by $11 billion of organic growth and $7 billion related to transfers from Global Wealth & Investment Management. As you know, we periodically move customers across business segments after an evaluation of how they can be best served by us.
Rates paid on deposits during the quarter declined 3 basis points due to pricing discipline and a mix shift in our deposits. Brokerage assets increased $6.7 billion from the fourth quarter, or 9% due to market appreciation and increased customer flows. We reduced banking centers during the first quarter as we continue to optimize the delivery network.
Our mobile banking customer base reached $12.6 million, which is up 5% from the fourth quarter and 30% from a year ago. Combined credit and debit card purchase volumes had a seasonal decline of 6% from the fourth quarter, but increased 3% from a year ago. US consumer credit card retail spend per average active account increased 7% from first quarter a year ago. Average loans did decline $1.6 billion from the fourth quarter due to seasonality and continued noncore portfolio runoff. And as I mentioned earlier, credit quality continued to improve with some of our credit quality indicators at historic lows.
If we turn to slide 12, we address one of the two businesses within our Consumer Real Estate Services area, home loans. As you know, the home loans business is responsible for first lien and home equity originations within Consumer Real Estate Services. First mortgage retail originations of approximately $24 billion were up 11% from the fourth quarter and were up 57% compared with retail originations from a year ago. We believe these increases are reflective of improvements in our retail marketshare.
Consequently, we are adding employees to improve our sales and fulfillment capacity, which is the driver behind higher expenses in home loans during the quarter. However, given lower margins realized during the first quarter, core production income decreased from the fourth quarter.
If we turn to slide 13, Legacy Assets & Servicing had a loss of $1.4 billion in the quarter, a significant improvement from the fourth quarter that was impacted by our settlements with Fannie Mae. The provision for reps and warranties in CRES was $250 million during the quarter. The MSR asset ended the quarter at $5.8 billion, up slightly from the end of the fourth quarter.
Although we announced the sale of mortgage servicing rights in January, the accounting sale will be recorded throughout the year as the servicing asset is transferred. MSR results, including hedges, were positive for the quarter. The capitalized MSR rate ended the period at 61 basis points versus 55 basis points at the end of the year and 58 basis points a year ago. Results did include approximately $700 million of litigation during the first quarter of '13, as well as a similar amount during the fourth quarter of 2012.
As you can see from our press release this morning, as well as on slide 24 in the slide presentation, we did reach an agreement in principal to settle for $500 million three class-action lawsuits involving Countrywide-issued RMBS. We feel very good about resolving these exposures, which addressed original principal balance RMBS that exceeded $350 billion, or what we believed represents approximately 70% of the unpaid principal balance of all MBS as to which securities disclosure claims have been filed or threatened as to all Bank of America-related entities.
Servicing income decreased 17%, or $182 million, compared to the fourth quarter. 47% of this decrease was related to the legal sale of MSRs in connection with the sales that we announced in January, together with other smaller MSR sales. The balance reflected payoffs that exceeded originations in the portfolio due mainly to our exit from the correspondent channel in late 2011 combined with the seasonality and the timing of mortgage payments.
The number of loans in our servicing portfolio totaled approximately $6.5 million at the end of March, down 866,000 from the end of the year due to actual transfers of approximately 570,000 and the rest due to payoffs. 60-plus day delinquent loans dropped from 773,000 units at the end of December to 667,000 units at the end of March, of which a third of the decrease is associated with transferred servicing. We continue to believe that our 60-plus day delinquent loans at the end of this year will be at 400,000 units or below.
If we turn to slide 14, Global Wealth & Investment Management had a very strong quarter. Earnings increased 25% to $720 million from the fourth quarter and continued to set post-merger records in several metrics. The pretax margin of approximately 26% was impacted by low credit cost and a higher contribution from corporate ALM activities, some of which we would not expect to continue.
Overall client activity in the wealth management business in the quarter was strong across all categories. Client balances were up $82 billion, or 3.8% from the fourth quarter, due to higher market levels and net positive flows offset somewhat by the net migration of deposits to consumer and business banking. Period-end deposits dropped $26 billion driven by $19 billion of net migration once again to Consumer & Business Banking. The rest of the decrease reflected year-end seasonality heightened by the fiscal cliff in client investment activity, including long-term assets under management activity. Ending loan balances were at record levels and long-term AUM flows were a record $20 billion, the highest quarterly amount since the Merrill merger and the 15th consecutive positive quarter.
Net income in Global Banking, slide 15, was $1.3 billion versus $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter and down from the first quarter of last year primarily due to higher provision expense due to loan growth and asset quality stabilization. Revenue increased 2% from the fourth quarter reflecting increased business lending revenue. Asset quality continues to improve. Net charge-offs declined $117 million, or 51%. Reservable utilized criticized exposure declined 6% and NPAs dropped 20% to $1.7 billion.
On slide 16, you can see corporatewide investment banking fees increased 26% from a year ago, but were down slightly from a record-setting fourth quarter in debt issuance. Per Dealogic, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch gained marketshare compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 and based on our reported peer results, we believe at $1.5 billion in investment banking fees during the first quarter of 2013, we were a very strong number two.
Average loans increased almost $12 billion from the fourth quarter, driven by growth in C&I, as well as within commercial real estate. Ending loan balances continue to be higher than average balances reflecting the momentum that we saw throughout the quarter. Average deposit balances at $221 billion for the first quarter declined approximately $21 billion compared to the fourth quarter, partially impacted by the expiration of TAG.
If we switch to Global Markets and flip to slide 17, net income of $1.4 billion increased approximately $1 billion, excluding DVA from the fourth quarter reflecting increased sales and trading activity. We did record DVA losses of $55 million in the first quarter of this year versus losses of $276 million in the fourth quarter and losses of $1.4 billion a year ago. Total revenue ex-DVA was up $1.9 billion, or 58% from the fourth quarter and was down 11% from the first quarter a year ago.
Sales and trading revenue ex-DVA increased $1.9 billion from the fourth quarter driven by our FICC business due to improved market sentiment. FICC revenue ex-DVA was up 85% from the fourth quarter due to improved customer activity across all product categories. Versus a year ago, FICC revenue was down 20% ex-DVA as market-making opportunities and credit products were reduced due to spread tightening being much more significant a year ago than what we experienced in the first quarter of this year.
Also contributing to the decline was a gain in credit products in the first quarter of last year that did not repeat and a decline in commodities revenue. In equities, excluding DVA, results increased 61% from the fourth quarter due primarily to improved trading performance and increased volumes in cash markets driving higher commissions. Versus a year ago, equity results were up 8% due to increased client financing balances. Average VAR of $81 million in the quarter is down from $100 million in the fourth quarter and effectively flat with the year-ago period.
On slide 18, we show you the results of all other, which to remind you includes our global principal investments business, the non-US consumer card business, our discretionary portfolio associated with interest rate risk management insurance and the discontinued real estate portfolio, as well as the international wealth management business.
The loss of $867 million was driven mainly by first-quarter annual retirement-eligible costs. The $1.7 billion decline in net income versus the prior quarter was driven by the annual retirement-eligible costs in the absence of tax benefits that were recognized in the fourth quarter of last year. With that, let me turn it over to Brian.

Thanks, Bruce. Before we take questions, I thought I would leave you with a few thoughts about the quarter. As you can see on slide 19, we continue to work to stabilize the revenue streams and begin to build the strength to drive in the future. At the same time, we continue to work on the cost structure, both reducing costs, at the same time investing in business, as Bruce talked to you earlier about the 4000 people we put to help drive our mortgage production or the 1000 more loan officers are examples. That in turn will help increase our profitability now and in the future.
We continue to see continued momentum in driving balance growth across all our customer groups. When you look in the consumer side this quarter, we were pleased with the growth in deposits, the continued stabilization and profitability of the credit card business and the ability to continue to drive the mortgage activity, the production activity the way we want to, up 50% plus year-over-year.
As you can see in our Global Wealth Management businesses, we have had a record level of assets under management come in from our industry-leading business and they had strong performance, including operating margins. As we think about the commercial lending business, you can see both year-over-year and linked quarter, we have had strong commercial loan growth as those businesses continue to produce strong profits for our Company. We remain strong in our investment banking revenue, as Bruce said, a number two positioning and we continue to drive our positioning in that business.
When you look at our capital markets business, as you can see, we continue to show good profitability and a strong increase from the fourth quarter, but we continue to maintain the low risk that's, in the methodology which you run that business, driven towards the customers we serve and making sure that we balance risk and reward at any turn.
We still have a lot of work ahead of us as a company. We feel good about where we are and the progress we made this quarter. We will continue to drive the earnings forward to deliver the results that you expect of us and we expect of ourselves. So let's open it up for Q&A.