Answer_1:

    Yes, thanks, Justin. This is Dave. I'd also point you to beyond the balance sheet. There's some disclosure around additions to unearned revenue as part of the cash flow statement. So when you look at that, for the 3 months ended, you'll see that up around 34%, 35% versus the same time last year.
And historically, what we've seen with unearned revenue is big and leading contributor to that is Prime memberships. The example is a customer signing up, paying $99 upfront and having that amortize over the 12 month period. That continues to be the biggest absolute contributor to what you see there. The other one area that's been growing over the past few years is Amazon Web Services, features like reserved instances where those customers can pay for services upfront, in some cases and receive discounts over a multiyear period. What we're seeing and more recently, I think, is on the Prime piece, we launched month-to-month Prime last year, and if you think about how that works, customers are paying $10.99 per month as they go. So there's less that's deferred. So, that's I think one of a number of factors. There's obviously other mix factors going in there besides the pieces that I just mentioned. But we've seen monthly Prime has been a good driver of getting more members into the program. So that's part of what you're seeing.

Answer_2:

    And your question about Whole Foods, yes, we're really excited to have them as part of the team now after the acquisition in late August. What you see in the financial results for this quarter is a -- it's shown actually in the new physical stores, revenue component $1.3 billion of revenue, $21 million of operating income. And that's where you'll be seeing Whole Foods revenue showing up. In addition, that is -- that class of revenue, physical store's revenue is going to be where we are going to book any sales that where a customer physically select an item in a store. So it also -- it does include our Amazon Books. If you step back on Whole Foods, again, I think we've had busy months since we've joined forces, offering lower prices on a range of key grocery items in the stores. Launching the private-label -- Whole Foods private-label products on Amazon, we've got technical work to make Prime the Whole Foods customer rewards program, and we'll have that coming out in the future. We've added Amazon Lockers to select Whole Foods stores. So lots of activity, lots of energy and we're real excited to show customers what's possible when we join forces here.

Answer_3:

    Sure. In Q3, yes, I would say we had a very strong Prime Day. As you know, we talked about that on the last call, but it really carried into the quarter. We had a record day for sign-ups for free trials for Prime and Prime Day globally. Had a very strong Prime Day in particular internationally. So it really got a lot more traction in this, the third year that we've had it. So I would point mostly to those factors. There's also very strong quarter for AWS, revenue growth was the same as Q2 and now we're at an $18 billion run rate. Whereas last quarter, when I had this call, we were at $16 billion. So very pleased with the customer response in the AWS business as well. And usage growth is actually growing a lot higher than revenue growth. So particularly pleased with the new customers that we've added and the additional workloads that we've picked up from existing customers.

Answer_4:

    Yes, it was pretty strong across the board. We had the impact of Souq, obviously this quarter internationally and the Diwali holiday in India was a few days earlier, which maybe pushed some sales into Q3 versus Q4. But generally, it was the strength of Prime Day internationally and it carried through the quarter. So it's -- but generally, I would point to the increase selection, a lot of the building blocks we've been working on. All the Prime benefits, advancement and free shipping offers or faster shipping offers, the Prime benefits that drive engagement, of course, adding selection, adding Fulfilled by Amazon partners and the selection that they bring. So again, I wouldn't point to anything other than the Prime Day pickup, but stronger than -- it was stronger than probably I anticipated.

Answer_5:

    Sure. On Whole Foods, I would say it is early. August 28 was the close date and -- what I could tell you is, I've been in meetings with John Mackey and his team and they're very like-minded with us, customer-obsessed, ready to work together to continue their mission then expand on their offerings that we can offer customers. The other things I mentioned, price reductions early on, selling products on -- their products on Amazon.com and also installing Amazon Lockers. I think over time, you'll see more cooperation and working together between AmazonFresh, Prime Now and Whole Foods, as we can explore different ways to serve the customer. So that's kind of the earlier report on Whole Foods. So far so good, and we're thrilled to finally be working together after the summer of closing the deal. On subscription revenue, let me just remember your question there. We had essentially 59% growth, you said, 600 basis points higher than Q2. In this line item is certainly the fees associated with Amazon Prime and also it's where a lot of our subscription services from digital music, digital video, audio books, eBooks. So there's some moving parts in there. The growth in Prime has been fairly consistent over the last recent quarters in Prime memberships. And as I said, we had a great -- the largest new Prime -- new sign-ups on Prime Day for the Prime program. The monthly program is gaining traction. It's an attractive option for a lot of people. And again, on this -- on the other subscription services, music especially, it works just so well with our Echo device that we're seeing a lot of growth in that area as we increase the number of Echo devices and customers using the Echo devices.

Answer_6:

    Yes, Eric. This is Dave. I think we put out a release saying earlier this quarter talking about 120,000 operations folks to bring into our fulfillment centers this year. So we're continuing to hire and hire across a number of locations. We talked earlier this year about expecting to see a greater than -- roughly greater than 30% square footage growth in an operations, so we're certainly hiring to support that. More of these facilities do have Amazon Robotics and certainly that helps with the efficiencies there, but it requires tremendous effort from a number of our folks as well. And so we'll continue to hire there.

Answer_7:

    While we're on this subject of headcount. Headcount grew 77% year-over-year in the quarter. That includes the impact of the Whole Foods and Souq acquisitions. Without those -- without that headcount, the base Amazon grew 47%, which is still up from 42% in Q2. So a lot of the additional pickup in Q3 was tied to our ramp for the holidays. We continue to hire a lot of software engineers. We continue to hire a lot of sales reps, and it's tied directly to our major investment areas of AWS, Prime Video and devices.

Answer_8:

    Yes, I can't confirm or deny any of the rumors related to pharmacy or anything else. I will say we do see a lot of opportunity with Whole Foods. As I said, there will be a lot of work together between Prime Now, AmazonFresh, Whole Foods, Whole Foods products on the Amazon site, Lockers at the Amazon -- excuse me, Amazon Lockers at the Whole Foods stores. So there'll be a lot of integration, a lot of touch points and a lot of working together as we go forward. And we think we'll also be developing new store formats and everything else just as we've talked about in the past with before Whole Foods, amazon Bookstores, Amazon Go and the opportunity that technology presents. We have campus -- on-campus bookstores. So we're experimenting with a lot of formats. I think that Whole Foods really gives us a vast head start on that and a great base and a great team to work with who has a lot of history, and a lot of -- they probably have 10 to 20 years of learnings that we don't have and wouldn't have. So we're really excited about that. And I think working together will bring our different strengths to the table and really be able to build on behalf of customers.

Answer_9:

    Sure. Let me start with the revenue. So you're right. Other revenue grew 58% in the quarter, and that includes advertising services and other things such as our cobranded credit card agreements. Advertising revenue continues to grow very quickly, and its year-over-year growth rate is actually faster than the other revenue line item that you see there. But I would say generally, we're very pleased with the advertising business. Our goal here is to be helpful to consumers and help them make better shopping and selection choices. We'll also provide in giving them targeted recommendations. So making it helpful for customers rather than intrusive. And then we believe that by creating that  and engaging advertising experience with the customers, it will also maximize success for our advertisers. So it's an important part of the flywheel and the -- so it's -- the traffic and the customers, especially the Prime customers that come to the site, are really the ones that we can use to help them select items and use advertising to help make their decisions more informed when they're picking products.
On the international, yes, I can't split it, the effects. But I'll tell you again, it is international expansion in -- primarily in India where we're continuing to add benefits, and we launched Prime there a year ago, if you remember, and we've had more Prime members joined in India than in any other country in the first 12 months. We have free shipping on 10 million items there, and we're continuing to add benefits: Prime Video, Amazon Family, we've had a first Prime Day there this year, Prime Music. Amazon business is also expanding in India. So a lot of positive momentum and investment going on in India. Very pleased with that. We also recently announced Echo and Alexa are available in India. So that -- that should be well received by the Indian consumer base. But excluding India and Souq, the rest is the Prime benefits and the continued growth in the other countries that we've been in for a while, continue to roll out Prime Now and AmazonFresh. In Video, we launched -if you remember in Q4 of last year, we launched Prime Video in 200 -- over 200 countries globally, continue to build up not only the offerings but also the engagement that we see from those Prime customers. So becoming more engaged, and we're also doing the basic blocking, tackling of adding selection, especially FBA selection, increasing free shipping offers and also speed of shipping offers. So there's a lot of -- a lot of different influences there. You saw the growth rate. It's, we believe, it's resonating with customers. So we will continue to invest and think that we have a good path forward.

Answer_10:

    Yes, Ross. Thanks for the question. This is Dave. On Brazil, just briefly, yes, we did recently expand and add an electronics category there in Brazil. It's a third-party marketplace offering. You may recall we've been in Brazil for a number of years now, initially launched with really a Kindle and eBooks offering without the sort of physical categories and more recently added physical books again, a third-party marketplace offering. So I think we're excited about the electronics that are getting out there. There's a wide variety of products included in that category: Smartphones, tablets, cameras, TVs, what have you. So I think, really excited to get that technology out there for Brazilians. And I think beyond that, really just focus on those categories and growing selection there, but I can't speculate on what we might do in the future there.

Answer_11:

    And on Whole Foods, yes, I believe the total is 465 stores or thereabouts. And we have 12 bookstores now. We are adding a few more in the near future in California, Washington D.C. and Austin. So yes, you will see more expansion from us. We're not ready to announce any, what that will look like, and we're working with the Whole Foods team on what maybe what they will -- how many more stores we might have in that area. But still early. So, those plans will develop over time.

Answer_12:

    Yes, Heath, this is Dave. I'll take that first question in relation to health care. I think where you're seeing us do some work on that, I think is in the areas of Amazon Business, and that's really just from the standpoint of there are many different types of businesses that we can serve with that offering, and we're in our third year now. And so there's a lot of different sectors, whether they're hospitals, educational institutions, labs, government agencies. I mean there's a lot of different shapes and sizes across industries that we can serve with that. And so I think what you're seeing us do is really focus on services that meet those businesses, multiuser accounts, improving approval workflow tools, and just more recently, we introduced Amazon Business for Business Prime shipping, which we think will be a great way for our businesses use multiuser -- Business customers that have multiuser accounts, and that's in the U.S. and in Germany. So I think it's part of that offering, and we really have to see how that evolves. And the other side, too, is certainly health care is one of many sectors as part of Amazon Web Services that are important customers that we're focusing on and building tools for. So probably nothing specific to call out on that one, but that's a lot of what you're seeing from us today.

Answer_13:

    Yes, on AWS, we don't provide segment level estimates, but we did consider in our guidance the impact of the price cuts last year. You're right, we had a number of price cuts on  time to -- about around December 1 of last year that certainly had an impact on Q4 of last year. But again, price cuts and not only price cuts, but new products that have lower average costs and can cannibalize more expensive products is pretty much a part of our business all the time in AWS. So we're looking forward to a strong Q4 and re:Invent is in December, so that's -- the end of November, early December, so that is also an exciting time of year for the AWS business.

Answer_14:

    Sure, let me start with Video, and I just want to be clear, we are going to continue to invest in video and increase that investment in 2018. And why are we going to do that? It's because the Video business is having great results with our most important customer base, which is our Prime customers. They continue to -- it continues to drive better conversion of free trials, higher membership renewal rates for existing subscribers and higher overall engagement. We're seeing engagement go up year after year in video and also music and a lot of the other Prime benefits. We also know Prime members who watch video also spend more on Amazon. And we have a lot of data. We're -- that's the advantage we have is that we see the viewing patterns and we also see the sales patterns, so we can tie the 2 together and understand which video resonates with Prime members, which video doesn't, and make midcourse corrections. So we always do that, the -- we're always changing the emphasis and looking for those more impactful shows, more shows that resonate better with our customer base and things they want to see. And -- so that will always be an important part of our Prime offer, and we'll continue to use the data that we have to make better and better decisions about where to invest our dollars in Prime Video. So we're very -- we remain very bullish on the Video business, and we're looking forward to a lot of interesting new projects back end of this year and also lined up into next year. On the -- sorry, the second comment was, the overlap. Yes, so Whole Foods, I think I mentioned this earlier, but we definitely see commonality and overlap with the Whole Foods business as well as Amazon in total, but specifically, Prime Now, and also, AmazonFresh. And we're going to work to see how we expand those offerings, and in some cases, combine them. We're not sure how it will play out, but we're going to cooperate across those different customer touch points and trying to make them better for customers. We know customers are going to buy just like in the physical world, sometimes you go to a convenience store, sometimes you go to a supermarket, sometimes you go to a superstore. Sometimes you need things within an hour, sometimes you can wait days for shipment. So there's no one paradigm for all customer engagement, and we're looking for the ones that resonate best with customers, and we're going to continue to work on those.

Answer_15:

    I think I'll start on traffic. So we're not disclosing traffic figures. Whole Foods will be issuing a final 10-K at the end of the -- early next month, so you'll see a better perspective on the entire quarter. The quarter -- the 4-week period that you see running through the Amazon P&L this quarter is pretty hard to draw conclusions on other than revenue at this point. But Dave, do you have more on the...

Answer_16:

    Yes, Jason, this is Dave. On the ad-supported question, I think what you've seen to date is really particularly as you're looking as a customer as a Prime Video member and watching content, we view that as you paid into that service and able to watch those shows ad-free. There may be instances where you're viewing a first episode and there's an ad leading into that if it's the first free episode, but generally like to have that as customers have paid into that program and they'll be able to enjoy that without interruption.

Answer_17:

    Probably a little of both. We think that, especially as we get into more and more Amazon Logistics deliveries, we're going to experiment with different ways to deliver things that make it easier on consumers, things that cut down on potential theft on doorsteps, but really it's mostly about increasing convenience for them.

Answer_18:

    Yes, I think that's right, in terms of overall investments there.

Answer_19:

    And the other investments, obviously, are maybe the bigger-ish things are like planes and transportation capacity in general. And there our philosophy is, again, we're going to watch out for our customers, we're going to build capacity that gives them great service 12 months a year but particularly at holidays, by investing in those transportation options, we do so at same costs or cost parity, I would say, at the very minimum, but it also allows us to do interesting things like extend cutoff times for customers, enable Sunday delivery, enable better weekend delivery. So we're seeing a lot of benefits, just the ability to stretch the order cut off from what once was 3 p.m. in the afternoon to midnight, has huge benefits both for the customer and also for Amazon. It results in incremental sales, it also builds that trust that when you need something, Amazon's going to be there for you. And I need to remind you that the Thursday Night Football game will start in 2 hours and 20 minutes so.

Answer_20:

    On that, thanks for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

