Answer_1:

    So the strategy here around helping people connect reflects more on what we do around the videos than some of the content itself, right? So hopefully, the experience on Facebook will not just be that you come and watch a video, and you get informed, you feel entertained, and that's it. We think that the most valuable thing that people do are help build relationships with other people on the platform. So to the extent that the -- that video can serve as a touchstone for building community and helping facilitate interaction, then that's the thing that we feel like we can uniquely do. So we're going to continue investing heavily in video content for Watch that is centered around people, that is centered around things that people want to talk and connect around, that give people a sense of pride and bring people together. We're going to invest as much and just build -- making sure that we build out the community features around that. And that, I think, is going to be the thing that differentiates us over time.

Answer_2:

    So Brian, on -- just on engagement metrics. I mean, we're -- we continue to see good growth in DAU, as you saw, in the 16% growth that we posted this quarter. In addition, we do continue to see time spent growth per DAU on the Facebook family and on Facebook.

Answer_3:

    For my part, when I think about our marketer segments, we have SMBs, we have brand direct response and developers, we're seeing strong growth across. I think if you think about where the growth remains, it really is in increasing the relevance of the ad because the ads, I think, are getting better in terms of reaching the right people at the right time. But I think there's still a lot more we can do. And as people really use our Custom Audiences, our targeting tools, the quality of the ads improve, and the returns improve. And the more we -- the better we get at measuring those returns, the better the ads get. And so I'll share just one example, but one I really love, which is the Alameda County Fair, which is a local fairground in Pleasanton, California. I happened to meet this woman, [Angel], who's running their marketing this year. And they used Facebook to target people within 25 miles of their fairgrounds aged 20 to 51 who had specific interest in concerts, music festivals and theme parks. And what they saw for season pass ticket sales for 2017 was a 50% increase compared to 2016, and they attribute that to Facebook. And that's really about finding the people that are interested. And if you look at the percentage of our ads business where people are using our most sophisticated approaches to finding the right audience, I think we still have a lot of opportunity for growth there. And that will improve both the quality of the ads people see but also the returns to marketers. And I think that will hit all of the verticals and all of the segments.

Answer_4:

    Sure, Mark. So on the acceleration of the growth rate in expenses from 2017 to 2018, I would really look at this sort of the growth rate that we grew at in 2017, apply that to the total expense base and look at that growth in 2018. And then I would say the additional expense that leads to the acceleration is driven by 3 factors, not just one factor. And those 3 factors are the ones that I outlined in my commentary: number one, the substantial investments that Mark highlighted that we're making to just improve the security on our platform; two, the video content investments we're making for Watch Tab; and then, three, additional investments we're making in the long-term initiatives like AR/VR, AI and connectivity. And each of those are significant. So it's really the combination of those 3 factors that's driving the expense growth acceleration. And then on the 35% increases in ad prices, this is really being driven off of a couple of things. One is just the auction dynamic, which as supply growth has slowed, then there's more competition, and you're seeing prices increase as demand continues to grow. But I think what is important here is we've been getting better and better at targeting as we optimize for real business results for advertisers, and we're better at converting the signals that we get from those advertisers and to finding the right ad spots for them. And I think that's really what's allowing us to improve yield and effectively driving higher effective CPMs for us while still delivering business outcomes to them at attractive ROIs. So that's really what's driving it, not a shift to a different format like video. It's really about us getting better at targeting and working with especially people where we get those downstream signals like direct-response advertisers.

Answer_5:

    Right, Doug. So on the first one, yes, the 10,000 number, that encompasses both employees at Facebook and also employees at partners. So it's not all Facebook employees. So that's a fully loaded number. So that's also in the OpEx guidance as well. So it's -- but yes, you can't compare the 10,000 with the 23,000 directly. On the ad pricing, what you're seeing is that most of the advertising we get isn't necessarily bid on an impression basis. You're getting people bidding for other actions and optimizing against other actions like a click to a website or a downstream e-commerce transaction and app install. And our ability to optimize the inventory that we have against those downstream activities allows us to deliver those at still good prices while seeing effective CPMs go up. You do have, obviously, people who are bidding on impressions if they're looking for, like, a brand campaign or a reach campaign. But those aren't necessarily a part of the business that's driving up prices. It's more around just us doing a better job at being able to optimize campaigns for people who have downstream activities that we can do that for.

Answer_6:

    I think it might be useful to take a step back and first talk about why we're funding lighthouse content and Watch overall. So video is growing incredibly quickly on Facebook. And today, most of that is in News Feed. But most people who come to News Feed and who come to Facebook today in general are trying to figure out -- they are trying to see what's going on with their friends, see what's happening in the world. They're not coming necessarily to engage in a specific type of video or a specific community around video. So the Watch Tab is mainly -- it's a way to give people a tool to do that. When they want to specifically come and engage around video or communities around that, they can go to the Watch Tab. So the intent there is different. Now in order to build that up, we think it makes sense to first invest in a bunch of lighthouse content, some that we may produce or some that we may license. To get to your question, we're pretty agnostic on how that goes. We just want to start the flywheel going. So there's content and communities that are there that support this use cases of people coming to Facebook specifically to engage in that. Long term, our hope is that the business here will primarily be through revenue shares of videos that normal creators and businesses put into the system rather than ones that we proactively go out and license ourselves. So that's a look at where we're trying to get on this. But first, we need to build this behavior where people want to come intentionally to engage with this content.

Answer_7:

    Yes. So on the first part, Ken, you're going to see that show up in a variety of different line items, but we don't have it specifically broken out. We're making substantial product and engineering investments. So as part of the overall hiring on R&D headcount, that -- there's going to be a pretty significant allocation of that to some of the product-related security initiatives that we're doing. So that's going to show up in R&D. You're going to have some of the ads work that we're doing, the ads quality work showing up in the sales and marketing line. So you're going to see some there. And then you're going to also just have overall impact on G&A as well for things like policy-related expenses and the like. So I think you're going to see it kind of impacting across the spectrum of our lines. But overall, one of the significant factors driving the acceleration in growth rate.

Answer_8:

    On GDPR, the Facebook family of apps already applies the core principles in the framework because we built our services around transparency and control, and we're building on this to ensure that we comply in May of next year. It's too soon to tell whether this will impact the extent to which EU users opt out of certain services, but we're going to continue to give people personalized experience and be clear about how we're using the data. We believe that we'll be able to obtain consent for uses of the data across Europe and that people still expect the content and their ads to be relevant. And so we expect a good result here, and we're going to do it very carefully and very seriously as we always do.

Answer_9:

    I'll talk about video engagement, and then Dave can jump in on some of the stats. So one of the important points here that I tried to communicate in my comments up-front is that connecting with friends and family and having those meaningful interactions is more important than just consuming content, right? So video is growing incredibly quickly, and that goes across both social content and kind of more passive public consumption of content. Then they create different dynamics in the system, and I think that's an important thing to understand. When your friend posts something and you get to engage with it, it might inform you and entertain you but you also -- if you interact with -- you're building a relationship with that person, right? You feel closer to that person. And that is a really important part of what social networking is supposed to do. Whereas when you engage with public content, you might get informed or be entertained, but it's not necessarily increasing social capital in the same way or relationships between people. So we really differentiate what the core thing is that we're trying to do, which is help people connect with each other and build meaningful relationships. And that's why on a lot of these calls, I emphasize products like Instagram Stories or WhatsApp status, which are very video-based products, but they're improving social interactions. And we're going to focus a lot more on helping people share videos of their moments in their lives because in a lot of ways, I think if -- when you take a video of yourself and your family out trick-or-treating, that's more engaging than a photo and a better representation of that than writing it out in text. But overall, I would say not all time spent is created equal. That's why I tried to stress up-front that time spent is not a goal by itself here. What we really want to go for is time well spent. And what the research of that we found shows is that when you're actually engaging with people and having meaningful connection, that's time well spent, and that's the thing that we want to focus on. So out of this big video thing that's growing very quickly, I think that is the real opportunity and product area that we should be focused on more. And to the extent that there is going to be a lot of public content, which there will be, a big part of the focus is going to be around building community and interactions around that content.

Answer_10:

    Justin, on your question on ARPU in the U.S. We do think that there are opportunities to continue to grow the business in the U.S. on a lot of different fronts. So we can continue to grow engagement on core Facebook as well as there's opportunities with Instagram and the other services that we have that are not monetizing significantly today. So there's opportunities there. But most importantly, kind of I would go back to the fact that we're getting better at -- on the ad product side of being able to optimize our inventory for the advertisers in a way that will, we think, drive good pricing in the system for us and good outcomes for the advertisers. So we do think that, that will lead to the potential for additional revenue growth in the U.S.

Answer_11:

    So I can take the second one, which is the question about impression growth. So there's a couple of factors there. Certainly this quarter, we saw that ad load is predicted -- had a much less significant impact on impression growth. So overall, that story has played out sort of as we thought, and that's one of the reasons you're seeing the impression growth come down. And then yes, I do think that there are less impressions when people are consuming video. So that also is a factor as more time is spent on video. So I think you have both of those factors coming into play. In terms of how those play out going forward, hard to say. We just kind of point to our overall comments on just continued revenue growth deceleration. And I believe the first question was whether the security investments would have an adverse impact on engagement.

Answer_12:

    Yes, and I can speak to that. Let me be clear on this that people do not want false news or hate speech or bullying or any of the bad content that we're talking about. So to the extent that we can eradicate that from the platform, that will create a better product, which will also create a stronger long-term community and better business as well. So the reason why we haven't been able to get these things to the level that we want today is not because we somehow want them on the platform; it's that it's a really hard problem. And we're going to invest both in people and technology because we think that both are really important parts of the solution here to go after all different parts of these problems. And that was what I tried to stress earlier on. We're going from 10,000 people working on safety and security to more than doubling that to 20,000. We're building -- we're doubling, in some cases, more our engineering teams focused on security. We're building AI to go after more different areas of harmful content and finding fake accounts and other bad actors in the system. And I expect that all of these things will make our product better over the long term, but we will incur the expenses a lot sooner as we ramp up these efforts. And I also just think that going forward, we're going to be investing at these things at a much higher level because we realized that this is important not only for our community and this company, but it's a part of our responsibility to the society overall.

Answer_13:

    Well, I think that the answer to that is we don't know all the answers around what kinds of content are going to work and are not. So we will probably experiment with a number of different things. I do think your point is right, that not all kinds of content can be supported by ads no matter how effective we make that. That said, the current model that we have for at least getting some of the lighthouse content onto the platform is to pay up-front. And what we would like to transition that more to over time and what an increasing amount of the content is revenue shares for ads shown in the video. And as we do better and better on the monetization there, that will support people with higher production costs than doing more premium production and bringing their content to the platform. And we've certainly found on the Internet and YouTube and in other places that there are whole industries around creators with different cost structures than traditional Hollywood folks who can produce very informative and engaging content that a lot of people like and enjoy and that builds communities. And that helps people connect together in a way that definitely can be supported by this ad model. So I think the answer is we're going to try a bunch of things. That's a bunch of what the budget is. I'm very optimistic that a lot of the stuff will be able to be supported long term. But you're certainly right that not all that will be able to be supported by ad models alone.

Answer_14:

    Yes. I mean, I think -- look, today, we're talking about the additional investments we're making in terms of the lighthouse content on the Watch Tab. So we are putting a substantial investment behind that. That clearly is going to have implications for margins along with the other big investments that we're making next year. And then even after the -- after we establish a flywheel here and get content being produced for ad revenue share, that's going to have a different margin structure than core News Feed. So even going forward, there's going to be revenue share back to the content creators, so it's going to have a different margin structure than the core business.

Answer_15:

    I think it's worth adding that the ad inventory itself is really valuable for marketers and our clients and also works very well with our other ad products. So I'll share a recent one. Visa, with [SocioCode] and BBDO, created 10-second videos with text overlays, showing people making digital payments, and they targeted millennials and early tech adopters. And they ran ads one group for Facebook News Feed only, one group for ad breaks only and one group for News Feed and ad breaks combined. And the best results combined the ad breaks and the News Feed, they had a 7x lower cost per video view compared to News Feed alone. And so one of the opportunities we have here is increasing inventory. And it's particularly good inventory for marketers because we're seeing nice adoption of video views and really nice impact from those sales. And it's also the case that our ad products work together. The ability to show something in News Feed and then show a video in Watch and then show something on Instagram and measure results across the full funnel, we think, are very worthy investments for the long-term health of the business.

Answer_16:

    Sure. Let me, I guess, hit both of those, and then Sheryl can add any color if she'd like. On the Watch Tab, I think it's just early. So I think it's too early to be talking about any stats there. In terms of Europe, one thing to note is that we did pick up currency advantages there. So it was 56% on a reported basis but 51% on a constant currency basis. Still a healthy growth rate. I think it's a strong economy there. I think the team is executing well there, so I think you've got a variety of factors. And then as Sheryl commented in her prepared remarks, SMB has been particularly strong in Europe. And so I think that's the -- that's one of the key drivers and one of the things we're really happy with.

Answer_17:

    One clarification on your question, too, is that the 550 million people is across both Marketplace and buy and sell groups, not just the Marketplace tab. So that's the total amount of activity that we're seeing there across both of those things.

Answer_18:

    Sure. I'll speak to the safety and security investments, and then Dave can speak to the other questions. So we need both technology and people for this. And the best articulation of this that I can make is that today, AI has different strengths than people do, right? So the AI tools that we've built can enable a system to look at millions of pieces of content and make rough assessments on them and figure out what to flag for people. But ultimately, if you want to get those high-quality judgments today on sensitive content and you want to do it quickly when the stakes are pretty high in terms of taking down content or leaving things up, I mean, we take that extremely seriously. You want people to be looking at that. So earlier in the year, when we were working on problems like seeing issues when people were going live, right? There was this really serious issue around people with self-harm and, in some cases, suicide on live. And we made an investment in AI tools and in dramatically increasing the staffing of the team that was working on that and brought the amount of time to review those live videos down through a combination of those things to under 10 minutes now. That might still be a conservative estimate. But -- and we're continuing to work on that. So now what we're trying to do is just increase the SLAs that we have across all of these different types of content and security threats that we might see. So that way, through a combination of the AI tooling that we build and having people to look at these things, we can get it right faster for more of the types of content. And you're definitely right that a lot of the AI research that we do is applicable to multiple areas, but we still need to build those tools. So it takes a lot of engineering investment, and we will be prioritizing that, in some cases, by adding people to teams and, in other cases, by trading off and doing more security work instead of other product work that we might have done. But this is really important and this is our priority.

Answer_19:

    Yes. I think on sort of how people use our products in life stages, I would just sort of -- I would say, generally, what we're trying to do is build a variety of different types of social products that can help in a variety of different use cases. So it could be one-on-one messaging with WhatsApp and Messenger. It could be sharing to Groups with the Facebook. It could be the friends that you have on Instagram. So it's -- we're trying to kind of make sure that we flesh out the full range of sharing experiences. And we think that, that has applicability across all the different life stages and depending on the ages people use the products differently, but would not -- we're not showing any specific breakouts on that.

Answer_20:

    So I'm not totally clear on what you mean by the new video platform and the legacy video platform. But I would just say that this is primarily driven by News Feed pricing, and then you have right-hand column pricing as well. So you have impressions on Facebook News Feed, Instagram feed as well as Facebook right-hand column. Ad breaks are really a relatively small -- a very small factor today. So the pricing is really about what are the -- what is the pricing that you're seeing in the overall system primarily given on the feed-based product. So that's really what the driver is. And again, there I would point to the comments that I made about getting better at targeting and driving towards good outcomes for our advertisers as being kind of the reason that we've been able to support higher prices.

Answer_21:

    Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again.

