
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Facebook's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to discuss our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and Dave Wehner, CFO.
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. 
Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
During this call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investor.fb.com.
And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.

Thanks, Deborah, and thanks, everyone, for joining today. 
This quarter, we reached an important milestone for our community. 2 billion people now use Facebook every month, and more than 1.3 billion people use it daily. We also saw good results on the business with total revenue growing by 45% year-over-year to $9.3 billion and advertising revenue up 47% to $9.2 billion.
We're proud of the progress we're making, and it also comes with a responsibility to make sure that we have the most positive impact on the world that we can. That's why, last month, we updated Facebook's mission. For the past decade, we focused on making the world more open and connected. We have a lot more to do here to give people a voice and help everyone stay connected with their family and friends, but now I believe we have a responsibility to do even more. Our new mission is to bring the world closer together.
A big part of this mission is building community. Communities give us a sense that we're part of something bigger than ourselves, that we're not alone and that we have something better ahead to work toward. Last month, we had our first ever Facebook Communities Summit to talk about our product road map focused on building what we call meaningful communities.
Meaningful communities on Facebook are groups that quickly become an important part of your social network experience and your real-world support structure. And right now, over 100 million people are members of these groups, from new parents to people suffering from rare diseases. So these groups often span online and offline and bring people together physically as well as over the Internet.
Our goal is to help more than 1 billion people join meaningful communities, and part of this involves helping people discover the right groups, which is why we're building technology like AI to better understand people's interests and suggest groups that might be meaningful to them. And in the 6 months after we started working on this, we've already helped more than 50% more people join meaningful communities than had before that. So we have a lot more to do here.
We also want to make it easier for people to build and lead communities. Last month, we launched new tools for group admins, making it easier for them to get insights into who their members are, filter member requests and remove bad actors and their content quickly to keep a positive and safe environment.
Next, I want to give a quick update on what we're building over our 3 time horizons: making our existing services more useful now; building new ecosystems over the next 5 years around our products that a lot of people already use; and creating foundational technologies to achieve our mission over the next 10 years.
So we're pleased with the growth that we're seeing with Stories. Instagram Stories now has more than 250 million people using it daily, and WhatsApp Stories also now has more than 250 million people using it daily. We're always working to improve and give people more ways to share, and this quarter, we added the ability to reply to stories with a photo or video and share a replay of live video on Instagram.
I'm excited about how AI will improve people's experiences across our products. We're finding AI is both delivering consistent improvements to many of our systems like News Feed, search ads, security and spam filtering and more. But more than just improving these existing experiences, I expect AI to change the way that we do business in some important ways. 
So for example, today, to keep our community safe, we rely on people flagging content that might violate our community standards for us to review. In the future, AI will be able to help flag more of this content faster and before people have even seen it.
Now we've started using AI to fight terrorism and keep propaganda and extremist accounts off Facebook. We've even started experimenting with using AI to understand text that might be being used to promote terrorism.
When it comes to News Feed, we currently mostly show you content from people and pages you're connected to. And we can rank this better with algorithm improvement, but the really big improvement from AI will be when we can understand all the other content that's out there, so we can help you discover much more of what matters to you beyond just what your friends are up to.
On the business side, we're seeing a large shift in the way that marketing works. In the first wave of marketing, people would buy ads in media they thought their customers might watch, like a TV show that had similar demographics, but they wouldn't know who saw their ad. Now the Internet gave people the power to target their messages to people who actually might be interested and to measure results much more precisely. And that was a big improvement. And now AI is taking this a step further. Now you can put a creative message out there, and AI can help you figure out who will be most interested. A lot of the time, you don't even need to target now because AI can do it more precisely and better than we can manually. This makes the ads that you see more relevant for you and more efficient for businesses.
Those are just a few of the reasons why I'm optimistic about how AI is going to improve our core services over the next few years. Over the next 5 years, we're going to build ecosystems around products that a lot of our -- a lot of people are already using.
We've talked about how video will continue to be a big focus and area of investment for us. It's growing quickly, and we're introducing new features to make the video experience even better. For example, in May, we made the option to go live with someone else available to all profiles and Pages on iOS, and we also launched closed captions to make Live more accessible.
We're also working to build a business ecosystem around Messenger and WhatsApp. Messenger and WhatsApp both have large communities and are growing quickly with 1 billion people now using WhatsApp daily. It is still early on the monetization side here, although we have started showing ads to a small number of people on Messenger. I want to see us move a little faster here, but I'm confident that we're going to get this right over the long term.
Now finally, over the next 10 years, we're working on foundational technologies that are necessary to achieve our mission. In VR, we launched Live from Spaces, so you can go live with friends in different places. And we think that this has the potential to be a powerful tool to bring people together and help build community in some new ways.
We're also working to help everyone in the world access the opportunities that come with the Internet. In May, we successfully flew Aquila, the solar-powered plane that we're building to beam Internet to parts of the world that currently don't have access, and that was the second successful flight. 
These initiatives and other projects require a lot of ongoing aggressive investment in the infrastructure to serve our community. Last quarter, our Fort Worth data center went live and is now serving traffic using 100% renewable energy. And we're also extending our data centers in Los Lunas, New Mexico and Altoona, Iowa.
This first half of 2017 has been an important period for Facebook. We've achieved some major milestones, delivered good business results and set clear goals around building strong communities and bringing people and the world closer together. But we have a long way to go. So thanks to our community, our teams and our partners for all being a part of this mission. I'm looking forward to making more progress together.
And now here's Sheryl.

Thanks, Mark, and hi, everyone. 
We had a strong second quarter and a great first half of the year. Our business continues to deliver terrific results. Q2 ad revenue grew 47% year-over-year. Mobile ad revenue grew 53% year-over-year to $8 billion and is now 87% of total ad revenue. Our growth continues to be broad-based across regions, marketer segments and verticals. 
Our goal is to build meaningful connections between people and businesses by focusing on our 3 key priorities: helping businesses leverage the power of mobile; developing innovative ad products; and making our ads more relevant and effective.
Our first priority is helping businesses leverage the power of mobile. People are rapidly increasing the time they spend on mobile, and businesses know they need to be where consumers are. Given the size and engagement of our audiences, Facebook and Instagram are the best platforms to reach people and drive business results. We have over 70 million businesses on Facebook, and I'm excited to announce today that we now have more than 15 million business profiles on Instagram.
Video is an important part of our mobile strategy. More video is being shared and watched on Facebook than ever before and it's increasingly helping people and businesses connect. That's because video on Facebook is personal, built around connections, conversations and communities. This is why it creates opportunities for businesses to reach people in new and creative ways.
People consume content faster on their phones, and marketers are increasingly recognizing that this behavior is different than on other media. This means that developing short-form snackable content is a big opportunity on mobile. We're working hard to help marketers adopt mobile-first video ad strategies for Facebook and Instagram.
In a mobile environment, native mobile video ads typically outperform more traditional ads. For example, when Tropicana launched its probiotic juice, the company tested 6-second video ads against 15- and 30-second ads. The shorter ads resulted in higher brand metrics across the board, including a 16-point lift in brand awareness compared to a 6-point lift for the longer ads.
Our second priority is developing innovative ad products. We're listening closely to feedback from marketers around the world to develop new ad formats and innovate on existing ones. Last quarter, I talked about how our Dynamic Ads help retailers and e-commerce companies promote their products across devices. Dynamic Ads show people the products that are most relevant to them based on actions they've taken, such as viewing items on a company's website.
This quarter, we continued to improve Dynamic Ads and extended them to new verticals and categories. Delta Air Lines used our new flight format to reach people who had searched for a flight but not yet booked one. Delta was able to run personalized ads based on the routes people viewed on their site and then bring people back to their booking page. This resulted in a 12.7x return on ad spend.
This quarter, we also rolled out ads in Instagram Stories for all types of marketer objectives. As Mark described, Instagram Stories are growing incredibly well and are therefore a big opportunity for marketers. From driving brand awareness to increasing sales, businesses can now use full-screen Instagram Story ads for any goal. For example, Ben & Jerry's created a brand awareness campaign using vertical video in Instagram Stories and saw a 14-point lift in ad recalls and a 2-point lift in purchase intent for its new Pint Slices ice cream.
Our third priority is making our ads more relevant and effective. This means better targeting and better measurement across Facebook, Instagram and Audience Network. Marketers of all sizes are increasingly following our best practices, like optimizing your ads to drive real-world outcomes rather than focusing on proxy metrics such as Page likes and video views. 53% of our revenue from SMBs is from campaigns that use these tools and strategies, up from 23% in the beginning of last year.
This quarter, we also added new ways for marketers to improve their targeting and spend more efficiently. For example, we introduced Value Optimization, which helps businesses show ads to people who are most likely to spend based on previous purchase behavior. We also introduced value-based Lookalike Audiences, which use machine learning to help marketers reach people who are similar to their most valuable current customers.
For example, California-based accessory company, Nomad, built a custom audience of people in the U.S. who bought something on their site and then created a multi-country Lookalike Audience of people with similar characteristics. They targeted ads to their international audience across Facebook, Instagram and Audience Network, resulting in a 2.7x return on ad spend.
We know that many marketers want to verify and compare results across platforms, and that's why we're focused on giving our clients more options for third-party measurement and verification. We now have 24 partners in our measurement system, including 3 partners measuring viewability, and we're in the process of adding 2 more viewability partners, DoubleVerify and Meetrics.
As the first half of 2017 comes to a close, we feel good about the progress we're making. As marketers build more meaningful connections with people on mobile, we help them grow their businesses, which in turn grows ours. 
I continue to be grateful to our clients and partners all around the world and to our global teams who make all of this possible. Thanks, and now here's Dave.

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. 
Echoing Mark and Sheryl's comments, Q2 was another strong quarter for Facebook. We continue to see strong growth and engagement in our global community as well as momentum in our mobile ads business.
Let's begin with our community metrics. In June, 1.32 billion people visited Facebook on an average day, up 17% compared to last year. This number represents 66% of the 2.01 billion people that visited Facebook during the month of June, which was up 294 million or 17% compared to last year. Our community growth was again driven by product improvements on Android, our Internet.org efforts and ongoing third-party promotional data plans in markets like India. We will begin lapping the impact of these promotions in Q3 of this year.
We're also pleased to see strong adoption and community growth across video, Instagram Stories, Messenger and WhatsApp. While these products do not monetize at the same level as News Feed, they are providing new ways to build global community.
Turning now to the financials. All of our comparisons are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted. Q2 total revenue was $9.3 billion, up 45%. Had foreign exchange rates remained constant with last year, total revenue would have been approximately $140 million greater or up 47%. Q2 total ad revenue was $9.2 billion, up 47% or 49% on a constant currency basis.
Ad revenue growth was strong globally. Rest of World and Asia Pacific grew at 56% and 54%, respectively, while U.S. and Canada and Europe grew at 45% and 43%, respectively.
Mobile ad revenue was $8 billion, up 53% and represented approximately 87% of ad revenue. Desktop ad revenue grew 17% despite an ongoing decline in desktop usage. Note that our Q2 desktop ad revenue benefited from our efforts to limit the impacts of ad blocking technologies.
In Q2, the average price per ad increased 24%, and the ads -- number of ad impressions increased 19%, primarily driven by mobile feed ads on Facebook and Instagram. 
Payments and other fees revenue was $157 million, down 20%. Total expenses were $4.9 billion, up 33%.
We ended Q2 with over 20,000 employees, up 43% compared to last year. Our hiring growth rate increased for the third consecutive quarter as we continued to invest in the many opportunities ahead. 
Q2 operating income was $4.4 billion, representing a 47% operating margin. 
Our tax rate was 13%. In the quarter, excess tax benefits recognized from share-based compensation decreased our effective tax rate by 6 percentage points.
Net income was $3.9 billion or $1.32 per share. 
Q2 capital expenditures were $1.4 billion, driven by investments in servers, data centers, office facilities and network infrastructure. 
We generated over $3.9 billion in free cash flow and ended the quarter with over $35 billion in cash and investments.
Turning now to the outlook. Growth, engagement and advertising demand remain healthy, but there are certain factors that will impact revenue growth that are worth mentioning. As we have discussed before, we continue to expect that Facebook ad load will play a less significant factor driving advertising revenue growth going forward and that desktop ad revenue growth rates will slow in the second half of 2017 when we begin to lap efforts to limit the impact of ad blockers.
In addition, we expect that our strategic focus on driving engagement with mobile video may slow advertising impression growth given the relatively fewer ad impressions in video relative to News Feed. I would also note that we do not see our early efforts in Messenger monetization offsetting the factors that I just mentioned. For these reasons, we continue to expect that our ad revenue growth rates will come down as the year progresses. 
We continue to expect full year 2017 payments and other fees revenue to decline compared to full year 2016.
Turning now to the expense outlook. Based on our updated view of the remainder of the year, we are tightening our initial expense guidance range. We expect that full year 2017 total GAAP expense growth will be approximately 40% to 45%, narrowed from our previous range of 40% to 50%. I would note that we expect to accelerate our headcount growth rates in the second half of the year as we remain solidly in investment mode. We also expect that our video content investments will contribute to operating expense growth in the second half of 2017.
In terms of capital expenditures, we expect that full year 2017 CapEx will be in the lower end of the prior range of $7 billion to $7.5 billion. We are ramping our infrastructure investments to support global growth and anticipate more data center building activity in the second half of this year. For example, we recently broke ground on new buildings at our New Mexico and Iowa data centers.
Turning now to tax. As I have previously noted, our tax rate will vary based on our stock price. At the current stock price, we would expect that our Q3 and full year 2017 tax rates will both be similar to our Q2 rate.
In summary, the first half of 2017 was a strong period for Facebook, both financially and in terms of growth and engagement of our community. We will continue to invest aggressively in the many opportunities we see ahead as we make progress on our mission to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.
With that, Mike, let's open up the call for questions.