
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's fourth-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and David Ebersman, CFO. 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release, our annual report on Form 10K, and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investor.fb.com. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, Debra, and thanks, everyone, for joining today. This is a great quarter and a great way to end the year. We saw strong growth in engagement around the world and we are very pleased with the growth of our ad business, especially on mobile. 
Overall 2013 was an important year for us. In 2012 was the year where we turned our core product into a mobile product, than 2013 was the year where we turned our business into a mobile business. I expect 2014 will be the year where begin to deliver new and engaging types of mobile experiences. As of the end of the year, more than 1.23 billion people now use Facebook each month. Last quarter was our first quarter were more than 50% of our ad revenue came from mobile. 
Looking back at the year, we launched some important products and initiatives, Internet.org, Graph Search, Instagram Video and Messenger 3.0. We also made a lot of improvements to the performance and reliability of all our mobile apps. 
One important trend from the last year is the continued growth and size and engagement of our community. In 2013, we added 172 million monthly actives and 139 million daily actives. That means that our daily engagement continues to increase. 
In the last quarter more than 60% of our monthly actives visited Facebook daily. Given the size of our community we are very excited about this pace of growth. 
We are also seeing people engaging more. On the average day in December, we saw more than 6 billion likes. That's up 59% from 3.8 billion likes a year ago. 
These trends show that our strategy of improving the quality of our core experiences over the last year has paid off. And we are now in a good position to focus on our longer-term goals of connecting everyone, understanding the world, and building the knowledge economy. 
Connecting everyone is about bringing the Internet to everyone and giving them the tools to stay connected with the people and things that matter to them. Today more than 750 million people use Facebook every day. 
While that makes us by far the largest social network in the world we are still a small part of the world's population. Only one third of the world's population has access to the internet today, and for even many of those, their internet experience remains pretty weak. 
Helping more people get connected is important to developing a global knowledge economy. Once people are connected, they can access tools like basic financial services, health information, and education tools to help them take care of the families and join the worldwide economy. That's why last summer we launched Internet.org, a partnership with industry leaders to make affordable internet access available to everyone in the world. 
In 2014, we are going to focus on achieving Internet.org's mission by deepening our relationships with mobile operators around the world and working to develop new models for internet access. Our existing partnerships with operators are something we have already invested a lot in over the years and this is an area where we are really excited to build on going forward. 
Connecting everyone also means giving people the power to share different kinds of content with different groups of people. This is something we focused on by building separate mobile apps beyond the main Facebook app, Messenger and Instagram are examples of this. 
We launched a new version of Messenger to make the app even faster for mobile to mobile communication. Messenger was among the top most downloaded apps on iOS and Android in December and we see meaningful growth and engagement since launching. 
The number of people using Messenger grew more than 70% in the past three months. We've seen a large increase in the number of messages sent. We have a lot more coming to Messenger in the first half of this year and I am excited to build on these early results. 
Instagram also had a busy quarter bringing Instagram to Windows Phone, launching our first ads, and launching Instagram Direct, the new way to send private photo and video messages. We're pleased with the early reaction to all these products. With ads, the team has taken an especially careful approach working closely with a small number of brands that are already important members of the Instagram community to create a great early experience. 
I'm also excited to report that there are now more than 500 million people using Facebook groups every month. Groups is one of our core products and it provides a private space for sharing with small groups like your family, close friends, or sports team, or for larger communities like schools or even companies. 
One theme that should be clear from our work on product like Messenger, groups, and Instagram is that our vision for Facebook is to create a set of products that help you share any kind of content you want with any audience you want. We're not just focused on improving the experience of sharing with all of your friends at once, although that is growing quickly too. A lot of the new growth we see is coming from people -- from giving people the tools to share with different sized groups of people. 
Now moving onto our business, last quarter I talked about our efforts to grow our business through improving the quality of our ads rather than just increasing the quantity. Our goal is to reach a point where the ads are as relevant and timely as the content your friends share with you. 
To do this we've put a lot of effort into measuring people's sentiment around our ads and seeing how people engage with them. We do some of the broadest surveys in the world. We survey more than 35,000 people every day to see how we are doing and we use the results to drive our product development. Our approach is working. 
In the second half of 2013, we saw an improvement in sentiment about ads on mobile, even as volume grew during that period. We also saw sentiment on desktop remain stable. Interestingly, even as the volume of newsfeed ads has grown, click through rates have also remained stable. We are very pleased with these results and they suggest our strategy of improving quality is working. 
Our plan is to continue focusing on improving quality since we think this is the best way for us to improve the experience for people on Facebook, returns for advertisers, and our own revenue, as well as achieving our long-term goal of providing ads which are as relevant as organic content. 
So that's my update on where we are focusing our efforts in the context of our longer-term goals. It's been a strong quarter and a great year for Facebook. 
Next week Facebook turns 10 years old. It's been an amazing journey so far, for me personally and for all of us at the company. But what is ahead of us is even more exciting. 
Many of the successes of the past 10 years have simply been steps on the path to achieving our long-term vision of connecting everyone and improving the world through sharing. Over the coming months and years you'll see us continue focusing on many of the same themes but now with greater scale, ambition, and resources. 
Finally, I just want to thank everyone who works at Facebook for a great year in 2013 and over the past 10 years. What we've achieved together has been a result of all of your hard work and I'm grateful that so many talented people are a part of our team. Thank you, and now here is Sheryl. 

Thanks Mark, and hi everyone. I am really excited to report earnings this quarter and proud of the teams at Facebook who delivered these results. We ended 2013 with a terrific fourth quarter, continuing the strong momentum we saw throughout the year,. Our total revenue grew 63% year-over-year, led by 76% growth in advertising revenue. 
Approximately 53% of our ad revenue came from mobile. This is not only the first time we crossed the 50% threshold in mobile but it's also our first $1 billion mobile quarter. In fact, our Q4 mobile ad revenue of $1.25 billion was nearly as large as our total ad revenue in Q4 of last year. 
This growth continues to be very broad-based. The combination Mark spoke about of our growth in users and engagement, the effectiveness of our ads in newsfeed work together to provide marketers with a powerful way to reach people. It's impact is evident in our results. 
This quarter we saw healthy increases in every region around the world and positive momentum in all four marketer segments. There are three key drivers propelling our business. First and foremost is strong mobile engagement. 
Everyday more people around the world are spending more time on their mobile devices and marketers are starting to shift their budgets to reach them. This was especially clear during the holiday season where not surprisingly Black Friday was our single biggest mobile ad revenue day during the quarter. 
When people are shopping in stores they are on their phones and when they are on their phones they are on Facebook. A recent study by Miller Brown Digital showed that while shopping in the store people who use Facebook do so at four times the rate of any other app or search. And for those people that use Facebook as a source before shopping, over half stated that it was a very influential source of information for them while they were shopping in the store. 
The second driver of our ads business is a continued growth in the number of marketers using Facebook. Again, this growth is broad-based and diverse across marketers, verticals, geographies. 
I'll update you briefly on each of our four marketing segments. Demand from direct response marketers was strong in the Q4 holiday shopping period, particularly in e-commerce. These marketers focus on short-term ROI, so the growth we're seeing speaks to our ability to efficiently drive sales for them. For example, online retailer NoMoreRack used Facebook to promote its holiday deals. They hit their aggressive ROI targets and they generated $8 million in revenue on Black Friday alone. 
We are also making remarkable progress at SMBs, a segment that many in the industry have long considered the holy grail of online advertising, and a segment that I have been particularly focused on throughout my career. In November we reported that more than 25 million SMBs maintain an active page on Facebook. We've made a big investment in simplifying our ad products over the last year and that investment is working to convert these SMBs into advertisers. Of the new SMB advertisers we acquired in Q4, 72% started with our most simple ad products. 
For developers, mobile apps are generating very healthy revenue growth. We launched mobile app install ads just over a year go and mobile app engagement ads last quarter based on a very simple idea that we can help people find and use great apps. 
This is working even better than we hoped. We are helping developers attract new customers and keep them engaged. We remain excited about the opportunities in the small but quickly growing category. 
In addition, last week we announced a small test to show Facebook ads in third-party mobile apps. We won't have meaningful results for a while, but it is an interesting area for us to explore. 
Finally, we are making steady progress with our brand marketers, particularly in verticals like CPG. We are helping them connect with customers in more dynamic ways, starting a start test of our new video ad product, and measuring our impact on their sales, which is super important to driving their business. 
The third quarter -- the third driver for both the quarter and the full year has been our investment in product development. We're especially pleased with the improvements we've made to our targeting capabilities and measurement tools. Our goal, as Mark said, is to make our ads as useful as possible for consumers and to generate greater returns for marketers. Eventually making all of our ads as valuable to users as our organic content. 
Custom Audiences is our most important product in this effort. When we launched it over a year ago it allowed marketers to reach their current customers on Facebook. Since then we've built more targeting capabilities while maintaining user privacy. These include look-alike targeting that lets marketers reach people who are similar to the best customers, partner categories which use third-party data to improve our targeting. 
Now marketers can reach exactly the people they are looking for, such as people who buy fashion apparel or are in the market for a new car. We have more than doubled the number of partner categories in the US and now offer more than 1,000. And we believe there is still significant opportunity ahead as we continue to improve our targeting capabilities. 
We are also making major investments in measurement so that we can measure the impact of our advertising on in-store sales. In December we launched off-line conversion measurements. To date our results show that the average return on ad spend for newsfeed campaigns is eight times, a result that is really impressive when compared to other returns marketers have available. 
As Mark noted, this is the beginning of a new year and our 10th anniversary, so I want to reflect really briefly on where our advertising business and we believe the marketing industry is heading. Before mass media all business was personal. Sales happened customer by customer at the local store or door to door. The evolution of mass media made it possible to sell at scale but business was no longer personal. 
On Facebook, marketers can do both. We are building the world first global platform that lets marketers personalize their messages at unprecedented scale. This is marketing where you are for who you are. This shift to personalization represents the biggest shift in marketing in generations and it is one that we are uniquely positioned to lead. 
Facebook is the only place where 750 million people visit every day increasingly on mobile to discover what matters to them. As we continue to leverage our understanding of people to make marketing more personal, and do it at massive scale, we will dramatically improve the quality of ads and drive more personal discovery. Facebook is making business personal again. 
And like Mark, I want to thank the teams that we get to work with everyday at Facebook who are doing a great job to make this happen. Now I'd like to turn it over to David. 

Okay. Thanks Sheryl. Overall 2013 was a great year for Facebook. We performed well against all at our key financial priorities, growing revenue to $7.9 billion, delivering operating profit and free cash flow each of over $2.8 billion, and making investments that position the Company for continued growth. Today's results strengthen our conviction that we're in the early days of capitalizing on a significant opportunity. 
Let's start with some user and engagement highlights. During the year the population of people using Facebook on a daily basis increased by 139 million to 757 million, and the population of people using Facebook each month grew by 172 million to 1.23 billion. In December, 62% of our monthly users used Facebook on an average day. 
Mobile continues to drive our growth. When we began 2013, we had more daily users on desktop than mobile. By the end of the year, our daily users on mobile outnumbered desktop by around 200 million. 
We are also pleased that engagement per user continued to increase in 2013 based on measures such as time spent per user and feedback per user. And none of these stats include Instagram, which doubled its user base over the past year. The network of people who use our products remains the foundation for everything we do and they are the most important audience we are trying to serve and delight every day. 
Turning now to the financials, in Q4, total revenue was $2.59 billion, up 63% and ad revenue was $2.34 billion, up 76%, for our highest year-over-year growth rate since mid-2011. Exchange rates had no meaningful impact. 
We continued to experience strong revenue growth around the world. Ad revenue in each of our four reported geographic regions grew by more than 65% in Q4 compared to last year. The key driver of ad revenue growth continued to be the strong performance of newsfeed ads on mobile and desktop, which helped us attract more advertiser demand. Mobile ad revenue increase from approximately $881 million in Q3 to approximately $1.25 billion in Q4, a healthy increase that of course benefited from seasonal effects. 
In Q4, total ad impressions declined 8% and the average effective price per ad was up 92% compared to last year. The decline in ad impressions was primarily due to the shift in usage towards mobile devices where people are shown fewer as compared to desktop since there's no right-hand column ads on mobile. 
The significant increase in average price per ad was driven by the mix shift to more newsfeed ads that have much higher engagement and click through rates, increasing the average effective price per ad impression. The price volume trends were pretty similar across our four geographies. 
Total payments and other fees revenue in Q4 was $241 million, down 6% versus last year, remembering that in Q4 last year we recognized revenue from four months of payments transactions. On a more apples to apples basis, payments revenue from games, which represents the substantial majority of our payments and other fees revenue, grew approximately 8% in Q4 versus last year despite the fact that our payments revenue from games is limited to our desktop users, a population that's declining. 
Turning now to expenses, our Q4 GAAP expenses were $1.45 billion, up 37% and non-GAAP expenses were $1.13 billion, up 33%. For the full year, our non-GAAP expenses were up 44%, driven largely by growth in infrastructure expense and a 37% increase in headcount over the year. 
As our revenue has grown we've worked hard to stay disciplined in terms of our expense growth. Focusing on investments where we are most confident of creating value and meaningful ROI. We are pleased with the returns we achieved from many of our investments that we made in 2013, including those to advance our ad products, improve mobile product quality, increase engagement, and drive efficiency improvements in our infrastructure. 
Our Q4 GAAP operating income was $1.13 billion representing a 44% operating margin and our non-GAAP operating income was $1.46 billion representing a 56% margin, up from 46% last year. As you know, margins are typically the strongest in the fourth quarter given the seasonal strength in our advertising's business. 
Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for Q4 were 54% and 46% respectively, and for the full year 2013 our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were 46% and 41%. The tax rates in Q4 were higher than the rates for prior quarters in the year primarily because of intercompany payments that occurred in Q4 related to our international operations. Also at the end of 2013, we had a tax net operating loss or NOL carry forward of almost $8 billion. 
In Q4 GAAP net income was $523 million or $0.20 per share and non-GAAP net income was $780 million or $0.31 per share, up approximately 80% compared to last year. CapEx was $483 million in Q4 and $1.37 billion for the full year. 
Our efficiency investments including the open compute project on the hardware side and proprietary work on the software side has enabled us to significantly increase the amount of data and the number of users we can support with each server we buy, and these investments have saved us over $1 billion over the past three years. We wouldn't be able to deliver the profit and cash flow numbers we are reporting today without the success of these efficiency investments. Our Q4 free cash flow was $748 million and our full-year free cash flow was $2.8 billion, including the benefit from a $419 million tax refund in Q2. 
Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the year with $11.4 billion in cash and investments. This number includes $1.5 billion from our secondary offering of 27 million shares in December at the time of our inclusion in the S&P 500 index. 
Now I want to share a few thoughts on 2014. In terms of expenses, we are planning that our total 2014 GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue and including stock comp, will likely grow in the neighborhood of 35% to 40%. And non-GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue but excluding stock comp, will likely grow in the neighborhood of 40% to 45%. 
We plan to invest with a continued emphasis on technical headcount and product development to take advantage of the opportunities we see to create new experiences and more value for our users, marketers, and developers. 
On taxes we expect our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates in 2014 to be roughly similar to our full-year tax rates in 2013, although this could vary widely depending upon acquisitions, our international revenue and expense mix, and other factors. Our tax rate in 2014 and over the next several years will continue to reflect the fact that we're in the early years of investing in our international operations. Longer-term we expect our tax rate to be in line with peer companies who have similar operations and international revenue mixes. 
We ended 2013 with $2.6 billion diluted shares outstanding including the December stock offering, and we estimate that our diluted share count will increase roughly 2% to 2.5% by the end of 2014, although this may vary depending upon our stock price and new share issuances, for example to support M&A. We anticipate our 2014 CapEx will increase to be in the range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. The significant year-over-year growth will be driven by an expansion of our Menlo Park headquarters, infrastructure related expenses such as the build out of our Iowa data center, and by our investment plans to support initiatives like Internet.org that are designed to increase internet penetration in the developing world. We'll also continue to make strategic investments to improve capital efficiency. 
Last, in terms of revenue, in 2014 we hope to build on our success from last year. 2013's strong growth in ad revenue was driven by the rapid ramp-up of newsfeed ads, growth in users engagement and marketers using Facebook, and by the product investments we made that improved the quality, relevance, and performance of our ads. 
As Sheryl described, we believe we're still early in the evolution of our advertising business and the mobile ad business in general. This makes for a difficult time to forecast near-term revenues with any precision, but it also makes for an exciting time and we're looking forward to capitalizing on this opportunity. 
To sum up, Q4 was a strong end to a great year for Facebook. Thanks for joining us on the call today. And now let's open for questions.