
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and Dave Wehner, CFO. Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.
A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investor.FB.com. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.

Thanks, Deborah, and thanks, everyone, for joining today. This was a good quarter for us and a good end to the first half of the year. We've continued to grow our community in size and engagement with 1.32 billion people now connecting on Facebook each month and 63% of them visiting daily. Our momentum remains especially strong on mobile.
There are now 829 million people using Facebook everyday, with more than 650 million people using our services on mobile everyday. One thing that's exciting is that there's still so much room to grow. On average, people on Facebook in the US spend around 40 minutes each day using our service, including about one in five minutes on mobile. This is more than any other app by far, but overall, people in the US spend nine hours per day engaging with digital media on TVs, phones, and computers.
So, there's a big opportunity to improve the way that people connect and share across how we all engage with the rest of media as well. When it comes to our business, we continue to be pleased with our growth. This quarter, our total revenue grew to over $2.9 billion and advertising revenue grew by 67% from a year ago. Mobile now accounts for 62% of our advertising revenue, which is a good sign of how the growth of our community on mobile is also producing better business results for our partners.
The results this quarter show our continued focus on improving our core products and business. We're going to continue investing aggressively in areas that are important for our mission and long-term strategy, but we're also going to stay focused on our core products and business. This is the best way for us to continue creating value for our community. Now, let's talk about how we're making progress on our three big company goals: connecting everyone, understanding the world, and building the knowledge economy.
Our strategy for connective everyone has two basic approaches. Our first approach is internet.org, our effort to bring affordable internet access to every person in the world. Our second approach is about giving everyone more tools for connecting so they can share all of the different kinds of content they want with the right people. Instagram, Messenger, and our Creative Labs apps are a part of the second approach.
With internet.org this quarter, we've continued to deepen our partnerships with mobile operators and lay the foundation for running tests in more countries. Already, our initial partnerships in the Philippines, Paraguay, and Tanzania, have helped around 3 million people connect to the internet who had no access before. We're really proud of these early results.
In June, we acquired Pryte, which has a lot of expertise bringing affordable internet access to communities by partnering with mobile operators, app developers, and content providers. Later this year, we expect to launch a broader set of free basic internet services in a number of other countries, as well. In our app efforts, we're continuing to build momentum with messaging.
People now send more than 12 billion messages a day on Facebook, and in April, we reached 200 million monthly actives on Messenger. Last month, we announced that David Marcus will be joining us from PayPal to lead our messaging efforts. We expect David to continue growing Messenger, building out new experiences to serve our community, and ultimately, to build Messenger into an important business.
Instagram continues to make great progress in giving people new ways to share their stories through photos and videos. Last month, we made one of the biggest updates ever to Instagram, by adding new creative tools that allow people to refine exactly how their photos look and feel. This is an important part of building out Instagram's capabilities as a platform and serving the creativity of the Instagram community.
Next, let's talk about understanding the world. As of last month, on average, more than 1 billion search queries are made every day on Facebook. This is a great milestone and it shows we're in a unique position to answer a lot of questions for people. But this is just the start and over the next few years, as we make progress on building out search and our broader efforts in artificial intelligence, I expect us to deliver even greater utility for people.
Our progress on public content is also very promising. As part of helping people better understand the world, we want to help you connect around important public moments and personalities. Now, nearly 800 million people on Facebook are connected to public figures. These connections are driving conversations at a huge scale. During the World Cup, over 350 million people made over 3 billion interactions on Facebook.
To enable even more of these conversations, we've improved the ranking of videos and News Feed and launched new APIs to help TV and media organizations use Facebook content in their productions. Public content will continue to be a growing focus for us over the coming months and we plan to invest in building more great products and partnerships in this area.
Now, building great social experiences to serve our community isn't something we do alone. Supporting developers is a key part of our strategy and at our f8 conference in April, we announced new ways to help mobile developers build, grow, and monetize their apps. Over 1 billion people use Facebook on their phones every month and more than 80% of the top apps on iOS and Android now use Facebook log-ins. We think we're in a great position to be the cross-platform platform, that let's developers build great apps across every platform.
So far, we're very encouraged by the reaction from developers. App Links, our new method of deep linking to specific content in any app, is now being used by hundreds of apps across iOS, Android, and Windows phones, with links to more than 1 billion individual destinations in these apps.
We also launched our Audience Network, our first big effort to help developers monetize on mobile and we've received a lot of interest from developers. We're rolling out the Audience Network gradually, but we're going to continue to ramp this up over the coming months and are excited by the opportunities ahead.
Finally, let's talk about our efforts to build the knowledge economy. This has been a strong period for us and we've reached some new milestones as a business. Now, more than 30 million small businesses use Facebook pages to connect with their customers and more than 1.5 million of them are active marketers on Facebook.
To continue delivering the best returns for marketers, we've been very focused on improving the quality of the ad experiences for our community. Our goal here is to make ads as interesting and useful as your friends' content on Facebook. We're investing heavily in this area and this quarter, we launched a number of efforts to improve the quality and relevance of our ads, including new ads preferences tool, interest-based advertising, and improvements to News Feed designed to reduce low quality content.
In some countries, our surveys indicate that our ads get close to the quality level of organic content, but in most developed countries, we still have a lot to do. We expect to continue focusing on this for a long time.
That's my update on how we've been executing over the last quarter. It's been a quarter with good performance and continued momentum. I want to thank everyone who works at Facebook and is part of our community, including our shareholders and partners.
Because of your efforts, we're continuing to make progress towards our mission to help connect the world and we're improving hundreds of millions of people's lives everyday. I'm grateful for your support and to have the chance to work with all of you. Thanks. Now, here's Sheryl.

Thanks, Mark, and hi, everyone. As Mark said, we had a strong second quarter. Ad revenue grew 67% year-over-year to more than $2.6 billion. Mobile ad revenue grew 151% year-over-year and now makes up 62% of our ad revenue. We continue to focus on three key areas in investment: capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers using Facebook, and building our ad products.
These investments continue to generate broad-based growth. All geographies and all marketer segments performed well this quarter. Our team has a really strong belief in what we're building; the world's first ad platform that delivers personalized marketing upscale. While we believe it is still early days, we're pleased with the progress we're making and I want to join Mark in congratulating our global teams on their continued execution.
Today, I'm going to focus on two key marketer segments: small business and brand marketers, as well as cover some of the investments we're making on the product and ad tech fronts. We believe that personalized marketing of scale can drive results for all types of marketers. Just a few weeks ago, I was in India and I hosted our first India SMB round table. One of the entrepreneurs I met, Vivek Prabhakar, sold his house just a few years ago to raise the money to start his and his wife's dream business, Chumbak, a company that makes India-inspired products.
Facebook is Chumbak's leading marketing channel and is responsible for 35% of online revenue and 38% of their website traffic. Their Facebook ads deliver a 5x return on advertising spend and have helped the company grow to more than 150 employees in three offices. We have more than 30 million active small business pages and over 19 million of these are active on mobile.
We think we have a big opportunity to help SMBs like Chumbak grow their businesses. And I'm pleased to announce today that we have over 1.5 million active advertisers. We're also ramping up our engagement with this community. In the US, we're hosting Facebook Fit workshops in cities like New York, Chicago, and Miami to help small businesses and we're doing this globally, including forming our first European SMB council.
We're also making great strides in our work with larger brands who increasingly recognize how our scale, targeting, and measurement capabilities can drive great results. For example, P&G's Gillette works with us and agencies, IBS and MediaCom, to launch its Vector 3 razor to men in India. 80% of the 100 million Facebook users in India are on mobile and a majority of these are using feature phones. This was our first feature phone-only Facebook campaign in Asia. It reached 60% of Gillette's target audience and generated significant lift in both message and ad recall.
As we work with brand marketers around the world, we focus on how they can leverage our technology platforms to build their brands through creative storytelling. We saw many great examples of this at the recent Cannes Lions Festival. We were excited that campaigns that made Facebook a key part of their efforts took home prestigious awards.
The World Cup also provided a great opportunity for brand building on Facebook. Facebook was an important part of this global event, with 350 million people joining the conversation, generating 3 billion interactions. The final was the single-most talked about sporting event in Facebook history, generating 280 million interactions from 88 million people. Brands such as Visa, Nike, Ford, and McDonald's capitalized on this global conversation.
McDonald's worked with agencies, OMD, Framestore, and ARC sponsorship, as well as Facebook's Creative Shop, to produce 30 videos that used French fries as players. FryFutbol recreated the most spectacular World Cup moments and ran them as videos the very next day with the French fries acting as the players. This campaign reached 125 million people in 158 countries.
We also remain committed to investing in product development to drive higher returns for all of our marketers. Our custom audiences capabilities, which enable better targeting, are being adopted quickly and are now being used by 91 of the Ad Age 100.
Earlier this year, we launched website Custom Audiences, which enable marketers to target recent visitors to their websites. This is like retargeting, but it's even more effective because it works across both web and mobile. We're pleased with the early reaction from marketers.
We also introduced premium autoplay video ads this year. Video on Facebook helps brands extend their TV investments by combining traditional reach focus campaigns with our unparalleled targeting abilities. To date, we run about a dozen campaigns and the early data show promising results. We'll continue to roll this product out slowly and carefully.
Similarly, we're seeing positive early demand from marketers for ads on Instagram and we're rolling these ads out carefully as well. In all of this, we remain focused on the transition to mobile. Our recently launched Audience Network lets advertisers use Facebook targeting, while extending their campaigns beyond Facebook. This can improve the relevance of ads people see both on and off Facebook and we're encouraged by the early response.
Finally, earlier this summer, we announced the acquisition of LiveRail, a leading online video advertising platform that enables customers like MLB.com and A&E networks to monetize their video inventory efficiently. We have a lot to do here, but with LiveRail, we're investing in tools that can improve the relevance of video ads across the web.
In summary, we're pleased with our performance and the progress we're making. We're the first platform that can deliver personalized marketing at scale and marketers are increasingly recognizing the great results we can drive for them. Staying focused and executing will remain a major theme for us moving forward. Our teams know that our future success depends on our continued execution and our plan is to stay focused. Thanks and now, here's Dave.

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. Q2 was a good quarter for us across our key operating and financial metrics. We generated strong revenue growth in operating margins and delivered $872 million of free cash flow. We continued to make investments to drive our core business, as well as to support our long-term strategic priorities.
Let's start with a review of our network. We are executing well on our ongoing mission to connect everyone. 829 million people used Facebook on an average day in June, up 130 million from a year ago. This represents 63% of the 1.32 billion people who used Facebook during June. Mobile continues to be a strong driver of our growth, with over 1 billion people using Facebook monthly on mobile.
At the same time, we're enabling more ways for people to connect and share beyond the core Facebook app. For instance, both Instagram and Messenger have each passed over 200 million MAU and continue to grow nicely.
Turning now to the financials, total revenue in the second quarter was $2.9 billion, up 61% or 59% on a constant currency basis. Total ad revenue was $2.7 billion, up 67% or 65% on a constant currency basis. Ad revenue growth was strong around the world, with each of our four geographic regions growing by over 60%.
Mobile ad revenue was approximately $1.66 billion or 62% of ad revenue compared to approximately $660 million or 41% of ad revenue last year. Desktop ad revenue was up 8% year over year. In Q2, the average effective price per ad increased 123% compared to last year, while total ad impressions declined 25%. The decrease in ad impressions continues to be driven by the shift towards mobile usage, where people are shown fewer ads compared to desktop.
The increase in the average price per ad was primarily driven by an increase in their percentage of our ads being served in News Feed. The price volume trends were generally consistent across all four reported geographic regions. Total payments and other fees revenue was $234 million, up 9% versus last year.
As we have noted in the past, we believe the more meaningful comparison that better reflects the organic growth rate of the payments business, comes from looking at payments volume from games specifically, which was up 1% in Q2 versus last year. Our current games payment revenue comes entirely from desktop usage and we are seeing declines in number of people using Facebook on desktop, a trend that will make this business challenging going forward.
Turning now to expenses, our Q2 GAAP expenses were $1.5 billion, up 22%, and our non-GAAP expenses were $1.2 billion, up 18%. Note that cost of revenue grew 2% on a GAAP basis and 1% on a non-GAAP basis, mainly driven by unusually high expenses in 2013 related to the transition out of certain lease data centers. This flatness in cost of revenue was the primary reason overall expenses grew relatively slowly.
Operating expenses, excluding cost of revenue, grew 33% on a GAAP basis and 31% on a non-GAAP basis. We ended Q2 with 7,185 employees, up 36% from last year. Our Q2 GAAP operating income was $1.4 billion, representing a 48% operating margin up from 31% last year.
Our non-GAAP operating income was $1.7 billion, representing a 59% non-GAAP operating margin up from 44% last year. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were 43% and 36%, respectively. GAAP net income was $791 million or $0.30 per share and non-GAAP net income was $1.1 billion or $0.42 per share.
In Q2, we spent $469 million on CapEx and generated $872 million of free cash flow. We ended Q2 with approximately $14 billion in cash and investments. This excludes the impact of the Oculus acquisition, which was closed earlier this week and included an approximately $400 million cash payment.
Now, looking forward, let me start by noting that the forward-looking comments I'll share today for 2014 include the impact from the recently closed acquisition of Oculus, but exclude, except where otherwise noted, the impact from WhatsApp, which we continue to expect will close later this year. In terms of expenses, we expect that our total 2014 GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue and stock compensation, will likely grow in the neighborhood of 30% to 35% and that our total non-GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue but excluding stock compensation, will grow at a similar rate. These rates are slightly lower than our prior expectations due to efficiencies in areas like cost of revenue and G&A.
However, we believe that we are still in the early days of building out all of the services to maximize Facebook's impact on the world and we intend to continue to invest aggressively in people, products, and infrastructure in the second half of 2014 and beyond. Though it is premature to give a specific outlook for 2015 expenses, I wanted to note that we expect significant stock-based compensation and amortization expenses, as well as substantial incremental operating costs related to the acquisitions of Oculus and WhatsApp.
These will add to our overall expenses in 2015 and subsequent periods. These costs will be incremental to core Facebook expenses, which will continue to grow significantly in 2015, as we ramp investments in people, products, and infrastructure. For taxes, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP rates for the rest of 2014 to be similar to our Q2 rates, although these could very widely depending upon our international revenue and expense mix and other factors; most notably, the impact from acquisitions, including the expected closing of WhatsApp later this year.
We continue to anticipate the 2014 CapEx will be approximately $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We expect shares outstanding to grow from around $2.6 billion at the end of 2013 to approximately $2.9 billion at the end of 2014; again, assuming WhatsApp closes by the end of the year.
Turning last to revenue, as we saw in Q2, our year-over-year growth rate declined from 72% in Q1 to 61% in Q2, or 59% on a constant currency basis. This is consistent with our comments on the Q1 call when we indicated that, over the course of 2014, the year-over-year growth rates in revenue would decline meaningfully as the comps became more difficult. We expect this trend to continue over the course of the second half of the year.
While we are excited about the long-term potential of our ads initiatives like Instagram, autoplay video, and the Audience Network, we are still in the early days of building these businesses and expect their revenue contribution to remain small in the near term. We remain optimistic as ever about the long-term opportunity to grow revenue by improving the quality and relevance of our ads and increasing the value we bring to marketers through our products, tools, and technologies.
In summary, we're very pleased with our overall performance in Q2 and in particular, the continued growth of our mobile audience, the strength of our apps business, and the investments we're making to build long-term shareholder value. With that, Jay, let's open up the call for questions.