Answer_1:

    I think, John, if you look at what we saw during the quarter, we had a series of benefits for the quarter. You can see that the -- if you look back at our tables, the margin that we saw within some of the repo and other global markets lending activity was up nicely. As you mentioned, we benefited from the continued reduction in the long-term debt footprint, which was clearly a positive. And we had a little bit of benefit, even if you back out FAS 91, on the debt securities line.
So I think that those three things were clearly favorable. We will have to see with respect to the markets margins, as well as just overall rates, where we go in the first quarter of 2014 relative to 2013.
I would be careful to assume that you are going to see $300 million type improvements in the NII as we go forward on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But over time, with the work that we are doing, we would expect that number to continue to grind upwards all other things being equal.

Answer_2:

    I would say that whenever rates move up you tend to widen out a little bit as maturities extend in the mortgage space as rates move up. So you always have a little bit of that in a rising rate environment, although given where rates are, we think we are largely through that.
The only other thing from an asset liability management perspective I would note is that, as it relates to both managing OCI risk as well as managing to LCR, you saw it a little bit in the fourth quarter and you will see it a little bit more going forward, that we are purchasing on the margin some additional treasuries given the treatment that they have under LCR.

Answer_3:

    We are not going to comment, John, on specific items with respect to the CCAR request. We have been pretty consistent as we came into 2013 that we would focus on increasing the core profitability of the Company. And as you look at the last couple of quarters from an EPS perspective, we think we have done a good job of that.
You can see the capital build that we have had and you can see the reduction in the legacy exposures that we have made. So we feel like we did a good job of preparing ourselves for CCAR this year and we are obviously working hard as we go through the rest of the process between now and mid-March.

Answer_4:

    I think as we look out at, as we look out over the three years I would say it is more of the same for us that you can see a tangible common equity ratio that is just over 7%. The three metrics that we assume we stay at around that 7% level. We were about it in the fourth quarter, but if we stay at that level we are looking to get to the point where we are returning 1% on assets, which translates into a 14% return on tangible common equity. Those are the types of levels that we see ourselves looking to achieve over the course of the next three years.

Answer_5:

    I'm not sure exactly which piece you are looking at, Betsy, but if you go back to our earnings supplement, which is back on page 10, I think it is interesting that you can see from the third quarter of 2013 to the fourth quarter of 2013 that our yields on residential mortgages did increase about 6 basis points to 3.74%. The other interesting thing is that we have started to see and be able to do more home-equity type business with our core customers.
I think it is interesting; if you look at the yields on that portfolio, they were up 20 basis points to just under 4% for the quarter. So as we look at the yields and the rates that we are able to get, I think we are competitive in the market and we have been able to see some slight increases within the rates that we are able to earn.

Answer_6:

    The things is you have got the volume going through and then either the [receive] or the pay is on both sides of the rate question. And we continue to see deposit pricing. Liability pricing came down. The contribution from non-interest-bearing size in the balance sheet continues to go up.
But just focusing on the production, what has really been happening across the last several quarters that we are seeing stabilization in some of the balances and the runoff portfolio impact gets smaller and smaller from some of the non-core portfolios that we are getting rid of. But in the fourth quarter, for example, our direct auto, which is -- in 2013 our direct auto business, not our indirect but our direct-to-consumer auto, was up 55%. The home equities in the fourth quarter were up almost 100% over the prior year's fourth quarter. Year over year they are up 60%.
The card we had about 19% more production in the fourth quarter of 2013 versus 2012. So we are building -- in the business banking, small business area we are seeing production up, so we are building the basics that are producing the balanced growth.
The pricing spreads are holding. It's competitive as heck in the middle market and things like that. So I think it all serves us well largely having runoff stuff that may have yielded high but had a high credit cost content you got to remember. And we are replacing with stuff that is good and core and great credit quality and so we are seeing a shift a little bit from the commercial loan growth which was really more positive to where the consumer loan growth is starting to stabilize and come along.

Answer_7:

    If you look at the various portfolios, I think in card we have kind of seen it. As Bruce talked about, we have got a sale. I think it's home equity you still got a ways to go, Betsy, because remember we have got about 40% or so of our home equity is still in the non-core portfolio. And then I think in the commercial side you have seen the straight growth, whether it is large corporate or commercial middle market.
I think that would be the overall summary. So I think that sort of came through from the corporate activity. It moved faster to the smaller business activity and then consumer activity, but we are stabilizing both portfolios and growing.

Answer_8:

    Yes, we quoted roughly $1.1 billion, Betsy.

Answer_9:

    Yes, that is correct. It is about $100 million higher than what we had said before. And I think the work that we are starting is -- take a step back that we got through roughly $400 million during this quarter, which was a little bit better than we would have expected to do, so we felt very good about that.
And if you look at the number of 60-plus day delinquent loans, it came all the way down to 325,000 loans. So what we are going to be working on over the course of the next 90 days is a little bit of a reset of that expense base so that we can continue to drive that number down. That $1.1 billion doesn't reflect that, but given the work and the activity levels we need to go back and do some more work on that.

Answer_10:

    We still think and we have been consistent that we would expect and look to end 2015 at roughly $500 million a quarter.

Answer_11:

    That is always a tough question. I think what I would say, Betsy, is that there was obviously a lot of new learning that we saw during the fourth quarter of this year and as a result of that we adjusted the reserves for the legacy exposures to reflect that which we learned. And as we have said, it was largely with respect to RMBS litigation and beyond that it is just a number that is difficult to predict.

Answer_12:

    I will let Bruce talk you through it, but we got to remember how we got here which is with a legacy set of companies put together. They had debt structures that were built for their company and their industry without the core funding we had, so we are coming down to a level most of our peers were below and they may be coming up a little bit.
You got have to remember that whether it was Countrywide or Merrill Lynch the funding structure was so different. We had like $400 billion of long-term debt we have been bringing down and the size of the balance sheet shrank. We started off at about $2.5 trillion and we are down to $2.1 trillion, so I would be careful about comparing where they are going versus where we are going based on this just because what we had is different than what they started.
Then Bruce can talk about what we think from where we are now going forward.

Answer_13:

    As we look out, Matt, I think at the parent company as we look at and with our understanding of the LCR ratio we are in the 100% area as it relates to LCR. So at the parent you can look at us being where we need to be based on 2017 levels.
The one area that we will look to do more in and I highlighted is to further build and take out more term financing within the bank levels to look to build that. So I think we are in great shape at the parent, we are in great shape at the banks, but you will see us doing a little bit more bank financing activity to be able to meet those requirements. If you look at where we finance it at the banks, there is no incremental cost for that that is different than what we have communicated before.
The other thing that I would just point out on the overall debt footprint and the cost of it is with the work that we have done on the balance sheet and with where our credit spreads are now in the market, we will be refinancing our debt at lower rates than the debt that is coming off of the books as it matures.

Answer_14:

    I think to project a cushion three years out I think we clearly are going to run at a cushion. We are going to run the Company so this is not an issue. But until we get out to 2016 and 2017 and understand the exact composition, as well as to any puts and takes that we are seeing, it is probably a little bit premature to talk about a cushion.
The focus has been to get to the 100% at the parent immediately, so it is not an issue to discuss.

Answer_15:

    It is obviously applicable to anyone that has an uncollateralized derivative book, so it is applicable to us. I think that clearly the industry view and how you account for FBA is still very much evolving. JPMorgan, obviously, came out today with their adoption and as a company it is something that we continue to evaluate.
I think the important thing to remember when you look at this, and I'm sure you know this, is just that this is a question of do you take a reserve for something that you earn back over the average life of your uncollateralized balances. So it is not something that changes the core economics of the activities that we are doing.

Answer_16:

    I would say that as we look at and what we have said is that from an LCR and an SLR basis, given that we are at the levels at the parent and then with respect to the supplementary leverage ratio at the bank, given we are at the levels that we need to be that phase in between 2015 and 2019, there is not anything directly related to those given that we are in great shape with respect to those.
What I would say is that as we move forward and as we look at the bank level and some of the rules, you will see us, on average, carrying a little bit more cash at those levels. And you saw that as you look at the year-end numbers.
As it relates to the different repo activity and the like within the global markets business, you continue to look to manage and balance what is the size of that book, how it affects the overall size of the Company, and the yield that you are able to achieve. I think that was one of the things as some of these different regs come out that we feel good that if you look at the repo book we were up 7 basis points from an average yield perspective Q3 to Q4. Those are numbers that are going to ebb and flow, but I would say directionally we feel very good about where the balances.

Answer_17:

    Our approach has been as these rules come out to put ourselves in compliance, or whatever the right word would be, immediately and not wait so that we didn't have hanging over us could you get to the LCR, could you get to be supplemental leverage. So we just said position our balance sheet.
But I would say as you look at the company's sort of constitution in terms of business mix and balance sheet mix at the year-end 2013. We are very comfortable with that and so there will be ebbs and flows. Loans will grow here or maybe market will use a little more balance sheet on a given quarter.
But Tom and the team have done a good job to sort of be able to face against the customers and maintain our strong market position in all our businesses -- investment banking, sales trading, fixed income and equities both -- while at the same time bringing the balance sheet in year over year down. But we are completely comfortable with it being in the size range it is now and expect it to stay roughly in there. I don't think we see massive changes in how the Company looks to comply with rules because we are already complying.

Answer_18:

    I think as it relates to the capital allocations they clearly are. One of the things that if you look back in the footnote that we highlighted is we will refresh those allocations in 2014 and continue to have more capital pushed out within the businesses.
As you look at the returns within the markets business, I think you need to adjust for two numbers when you look at those. The litigation number within markets business was north of $600 million for the quarter, and then you had another couple hundred million dollars during the quarter for DVAs. So when you look at the returns, you need to adjust for those two numbers and realize that, in the fourth quarter, you are looking at what is seasonally the slowest quarter.

Answer_19:

    Well, I think if you look at it, you could calculate statistics, but we were down. We had two things going on during 2013 in the second half, especially as the HARP volume started to fall off because we sized our portfolio down in terms of total servicing size. So our HARP opportunity went down and then obviously as rates went up, sort of midyear out, the volumes dropped. And so the third quarter, the pipeline pull through helped us get $20 billion odd and in fourth quarter down to $11 billion.
But if we look at it non-HARP share, we are pleased with the progress we are making and we will continue to grind that direct-to-consumer, grind that forward from where we are now at about $9 billion this past quarter.
So I think we are fine. It is going to be a business which we shape to size -- to serve the customers and the wealth management business does a couple billion a quarter. It is a good solid position.
I would say in January with the rates moving down a little bit and stuff, you saw another kick up of about 20%, 25% in application volume in our book already. Now I don't know if that holds and how much seasonality because the way Christmas and New Year's fell this year and things like that as we move through the month, but it immediately kicked up over the last several days as rates moved a little bit in our favor. And the purchase volume has also moved up in January.
So we are looking for this business to start to grow again, but it obviously suffered a couple of different -- both the rate effect and also the HARP effect in the fourth quarter.

Answer_20:

    I think that the important thing, and I understand your question, when you look at the time to required funding, one of the reasons why -- there are a couple components that go into that, the amount of liquidity that you have at the parent obviously and then what the debt footprint is over the course of the period of time that you are measuring it.
And if you look at what we have done, we basically -- if you looked at our Company at the end of 2012, we had $70 billion of debt maturities that we needed to work through over the course of 2013 and 2014. And you obviously need to carry significant amounts of liquidity to be able to basically meet your time to required funding when it is that lumpy.
What we have done is, between the debt that we repaid this year, as well as the activity you saw when we tendered for debt several times in 2013 for debt that was maturing in 2014, was to knock down those maturity profiles.
So you are asking a very good question, which is over time what you should expect us to be able to do is continue to move the parent company funding down and as we flatten out those debt maturities, we will be able to do that and not have nearly the impact on time to required funding because the maturity profile will be much flatter.

Answer_21:

    I think a couple things. Keep in mind we told you when we reported on the third-quarter earnings that the Merrill Lynch holding company that had previously issued debt before the merger of the two companies. That has been merged into the BAC holding company so when you look at that debt profile realize today it is one and the same.
I think the important thing I would look at is on page seven. What we do is that we do give you the actual what we consider parent company, and that parent company back in previous quarters prior to [ML and BAC] merging is a combined number. So if you look at those red bars on the bottom on page seven that is the combined debt footprint of the two companies that is now one and you can see it over the course of five quarters migrating down.

Answer_22:

    The first thing I would say is that generally we would expect that gap to narrow over time. But as you look at the actual content of it I think the biggest reason that you have is just given the percentage in some of our commercial loan balances that we have relative to our peers that under Basel III advanced get impacted significantly based on the actual credit quality, where when you go to standardized it is just 100%.
So I think you have got -- the first thing is you do have some of that activity or difference between the two metrics. Then I would say that the second thing is that we still do have some assets that under Basel III standardized do get some fairly heavy risk weightings that we will continue to work off over the next couple years.
So there is no question relative to what we have seen out there, we are a little bit wider. I think those are a couple of the differences. And as I say, I would expect over the course of the next 12 to 18 months you will see that gap tighten.

Answer_23:

    No, the commercial credit getting better really isn't going to -- that is not going to lead to it getting tighter, because under standardized a commercial loan is a commercial loan. There is no benefit of credit quality. It is going to be more the runoff of some of the different positions that we have within the Company as opposed to anything specific on commercial.

Answer_24:

    As we look out at and as we look at 2015, 2016 we don't do anything besides just look out at the forward curve, so you do get a little bit of benefit at the very end of 2015 and a little bit more so in 2016. So there is embedded some of that. At the same time, to the extent that we are not in an environment and an economy that is growing and where we are seeing some of that movement up in short-term rates, if we are not seeing that there are other actions that we are going to need to take within the Company.

Answer_25:

    I would say on that that as we work through 2014 a fairly healthy percentage of what would show up in the tax provision line will not reduce our regulatory capital. And as we go out in 2015 and beyond how quickly the balance of that goes is going to be a function of profitability.
But what I would say is that as it relates to working through the DTA, and it is a complicated calculation, that we should get a very large amount of what we pay in taxes back in regulatory capital during 2014.

Answer_26:

    Unfortunately, I can't answer a way around. We're not going to give any more guidance on CCAR than we have already given.

Answer_27:

    It was a good attempt, though.

Answer_28:

    We think that, ultimately, if you look at our market share and other product capabilities, given the ebbs and flows of the rate environment, Paul -- fast refis, lower refis, whatever is going on. But if you look at it we should be able to better we should be able to -- we have a 10% or 13% deposit share we think in consumer deposits. We have a higher percent in cards, etc. Home equity is bigger. We should be pushing towards upper single-digit level in mortgage.
It just will take time because we are rebuilding that process, which was not geared to serving the core customers, and just doing it. The team has been doing a good job of building that fairly steadily. The purchase volume percent is in the 30%s this quarter and so we are getting there. That is our goal; it will just take us time and we will drive that.
But in terms of direct-to-consumer production, I think we are second largest now and we plan to keep driving.
On the non-QM and things like that we will meet the needs of our customers by using our balance sheet, because remember we do a lot of mortgages today through our wealth management business and stuff and so we will work through the rules. But for the standard products obviously, for the general consumer and the Fannie eligible and Freddie eligible, FHA type products we will be following all the rules and making sure they go through the standard process to get them off the balance sheet and into the securitization process.
But in terms of putting stuff on the balance sheet, I think we meet the needs of customers and we have been doing it for years.

Answer_29:

    Inherently, when you have one of the largest wealth management businesses it is a focus. So of our production about 20-odd-percent comes from the wealth management business. And the yields are -- Bruce, I guess the yields on the product are competitive. We have to compete in the market, so it is a market-driven business.

Answer_30:

    I would say it obviously depends on the product, floating versus fixed, but you are clearly seeing credit spreads on a floating basis where some of those customers in the spreads of 100 to 150 basis points over from a floating rate perspective.

Answer_31:

    We do not. There is no update at all besides the fact that the trial is over. At this point you know what we know.

Answer_32:

    The thing you need to look at within legacy assets and servicing, I know it is completely counterintuitive, but recall that the reps and warrants is a contra revenue line item. So we had the lower rep and warranty provision for the quarter was the big delta.

Answer_33:

    I would say on the affinity side we identified the one -- I think we basically repositioned that business over the last three or four years and I think we are kind of where we are at this point. The strong affinity partners we have that have done well we continue to support them and continue to drive production there.
But the real story on the card business is think about the Cash 1-2-3 product, the Balance Rewards, and the Travel Rewards products, core products that we continue to drive. The production of those products continue to be up significantly year over year and that is what is driving us from a couple of years ago maybe 600,000, probably 700,000 cards a quarter up to 1 million-ish now per quarter. And so that is good because it is our core brand of product with a great product for the consumer and they use it.
So what you are seeing is if you look at some of the detail we give you in the supplement stuff you will see that the average spending is going up, the average spending per card is going up and so that obviously is more efficient and an indicator that you are becoming the primary card in the wallet for customers. With that though one of the drags is the spend rate.
We are in the low 20%s on payment rate. In other words, the people are paying us off and not caring balances because of the affluent customers. So that is a little bit of drag, but they charge enough that you make it through the interchange.
We are very comfortable with the business. We spent three or four years in positioning, but the good news is with the credit quality that we have seen from originations and things like that we are getting a 9% risk-adjusted margin. So we have ended up with the right spot where we are getting production growth, i.e., more cards, with our direct customers with a good, strong margin and we like that.
Then you might say: well, why don't you push it harder because it is returning so well? The issue is to do that you have to go to places where I think it is our core strength and so you should expect us just to grind forward on that.

Answer_34:

    I think that the interesting thing is that as you move forward into -- as we move forward and you look to test under Basel III NOLs are not eligible as capital under Basel III. So there is good news and there is bad news. The bad news is you don't get to count it. The good news is that it eliminates the likelihood that you have a difference relative to the way somebody else looks at your deferred tax position.
Given that CCAR is based on the way regulatory capital works, that is how the deferred tax asset flows through. And once again under Basel III you don't get to count NOLs.

Answer_35:

    I can't comment on the way the Federal Reserve looks at that, but our belief is that is correct.

Answer_36:

    The point would be this year you are in transition, but as you go forward and the expectation is you move purely to Basel III, this becomes sort of a non-element in that it is out of the calculation already.

Answer_37:

    I think as you look at the preferreds that we redeemed the yields on those preferreds were between 8% and 9%. Our belief, and once again I am not going to speak for the Federal Reserve, but I think most people looked at that and said -- at least the way we looked at it was that we look at the heavy content of Tier common that we have and you look at preferred that is 8% to 9% after tax. I think most people would look at that and say it makes good corporate finance sense and it is a good thing for Bank of America to retire those.
Given the work that we have done on the balance sheet, you can see that the majority of what we have left from a preferred stock perspective is priced at competitive rates. So I would be very careful to thinking of and including that preferred stock redemption and assuming that it was evaluated as common stock.

Answer_38:

    No, because it was straight preferred stock. It had no conversion features whatsoever.

Answer_39:

    You are absolutely correct. If you adjust for the FAS 91 the delta Q3 to Q4 the increase was only 2 basis points.

Answer_40:

    I would make a couple of comments on that, Guy. We have got teams, as you can imagine, culling data and spending a lot of time with it. The couple of comments I would make is that the changes that were made from prior BCBS rules to the new rules, as it relates to both the credit conversion factor as well as the netting for securities financing transactions, clearly are less punitive than what the original BCBS proposals were.
I would say on a very preliminary basis as we look at it I would say that we think the negative or the impact to us was a little bit more than what JPMorgan quoted. That being said, with our ratios above 5% at the parent and above 6% at each of the banks coming into this, we feel like we are in very good shape with respect to compliance with this supplementary leverage ratio.

Answer_41:

    I will let Bruce give you sort of his thoughts on that from his perspective, but before we get there you got to remember what I said earlier is we -- our company has shrunk and our equity has gone up. So when you think about that if you shrunk the Company by $300 billion to $400 billion in size across the last three or four years and your equity balance has gone up then your deposit balance has gone up. The only thing to do to balance the balance sheet is to take the long-term debt footprint down.
That is because we fundamentally got rid of businesses and assets and things that weren't necessary to do what we do today. There is just a difference between us and someone, our peers who have been more organic in how they came together in the last few years.
I would just be careful that -- obviously we work with the Fed and all this redemptions it's not like we can make capital plans and, as you said, liquidation authority and structure. But a lot of our reductions come by just shrinking the scope of the Company to $2.1-and-change-trillion from $2.4 trillion to $2.5 trillion and that is going to allow us to reshape the thing. And then getting rid of assets that were non-core, not yielding.
So I will let Bruce answer the rules, but remember we started from a different place because, as someone said earlier, Merrill had a lot of debt because they didn't have the deposit funding we did. Bruce?

Answer_42:

    I think, Guy, we hear the same thing that you do where we hear the numbers quoted of very high teens that you need to be at from a common, plus your debt footprint that is greater than a year. If we look at where we are today from that metric, we are in the low 20%s today, which as we compare ourselves to our peers is higher than where our peers are.
I think what you are going to see as we go forward, and I referenced this earlier, that this is the last year of big debt maturities where we have got north of $30 billion at the parent that comes due. So I think what you will see for us going forward is you will see us issue less today at the parent than what matures at the parent. As you get out to 2015 and beyond it tends to be much more a $20 billion a year type maturity profile.
The impact in 2015 and beyond -- assuming we continue to do what we should with the balance sheet, the impact in 2015 and beyond is going to be more about the cost at which we are raising debt relative to the debt that we are retiring, whereas we do have one more year, which is this year, of shrink in the actual total amount.

Answer_43:

    If you look at the -- couple things that would drive that. If you look at the last three or four quarters you can see that we have kind of flattened out. Remember around the holidays you get a seasonal bump and it comes out, so Bruce said earlier that you should expect the card balances to come down in the first quarter just because of that. But if you look at it, it has been $90-odd-billion in the US business consistently.
What we did see in the latter part of last year is more usage on the credit side, which from a general economy perspective is actually good news in that people were using the credits versus debit when we look at our usage of the cards and what they are used for in a given quarter. So the credit spending was up better among all the customer bases in October and November and into December. So I would say we are set up to -- because we had gotten rid of the balances of the cards that we were running off, and that is really a very low percentage now, to have the thing stabilize.
I don't think it will have large balance growth because it will kind of work with our -- it will work with our customers and what they are doing and we have a substantial part of the people pay us off. But the good news is underlying it you have seen a little more credit usage fundamentally in the last couple quarters.

Answer_44:

    I would say when I reference the 5,000 that was in the context of starting at just under 6,000 branches and the work that we were doing with respect to new BAC. I would say that we continue to track towards that 5,000 number.
What is probably a little bit different from what we saw in new BAC is that we have been able to actually sell some of those branches that are, for us, out of market to local banks as they look to build up their local presence, which I think is a good thing for everyone. As we look forward, I think there will be a continued evaluation that we have at this point as to the opportunity and the cost versus the benefit of the branches. But I would directionally think of us being 5,000, maybe a few less than that by the end of 2014 and there will be a continued evaluation that we have beyond that.

Answer_45:

    We would always focus people on the branch count. It was a fairly objective way to show how we were trying to do it.
The reality now is as you look at the different formats we are always putting new branches in the market. In other words, as leases run off, repositioning the branch, consolidating branches, and adding these express formats that we are testing and stuff. So the definition of a branch is changing in terms from what you would traditionally think.
After the period which Bruce talked about, you are really going to be where the customer is leading you, but the branches are critically important. You always use the example, in one market we were able to take four branches and put them in one larger one; have Merrill teammates, U.S. Trust teammates, and the core personal bankers and teammates in the branch.
So we don't know exactly where this goes because it will be dependent upon customer behavior, but what we do know is we have to dominate the physical side and the e-commerce, online, mobile side at the same time. And that is where we are investing heavily in both platforms. We have a fairly stated probably $0.5 billion we put in the online mobile platform across the last three or four years and we will continue to invest at that rate. You can see the future functionality return and the usage of the platform has grown tremendously.
For example, in the fourth quarter of 2013 9% of all the checks deposited by consumers went through the iPads and mobile phones. That was up from 7% the quarter before and didn't exist until basically the third quarter of 2012. So that is what we are driving, because of customer convenience and usage. At the same time we have 8 million customers coming to the branch and the engagement rate for those customers is going up.
And so the team is less about what number of branches and more about how the distribution process works between phones and ATMs and mobile in branches and express branches, ATAs which are tellers through the branch, and then we are deploying more people to sell in all those regards. And that is what we are trying to do.

Answer_46:

    Yes, dedicated to transactions, but the square footage dedicated to sales could increase.

Answer_47:

    32% was purchased this quarter. I think it was 21% in the previous quarter.

Answer_48:

    We look at -- in each quarter look at our asset sensitivity on the balance sheet. As we look out at and our constant metric that we look at is what does 100 basis points do to our net interest income. Obviously that flows directly to the bottom line and at the end of the year 100 basis point move up was worth between $3 billion and $3.1 billion to us from a net interest income perspective.
So we clearly will benefit from short-term rates. We obviously don't control that. And so I think the important thing, Nancy, is that as we look at near-term benefits that we have we continue to have a lot of work to do on expenses in both 2014 and 2015, because we have got another $0.5 billion a quarter of new BAC savings that will get implemented between end of 2013 and end of 2014. Then with the guidance that we gave today another $700 million a quarter to get out going into 2014 to where we end 2014.
So we do look forward to those days of higher rates, but in the meantime we have got a nice chunk of expenses to get out that we do not believe will impact the revenue-generating ability of the Company.

Answer_49:

    Nancy, if you look at page 11 where we give the profitability of the consumer business banking, and that is obviously the one that benefits the most by the short-term rate rise because they have a huge constitution of deposits that is non-interest-bearing and then picks it up. Then you can look at the returns there and in the supplement and you can see we are up to about $2 billion in after-tax income and the returns clearly exceed the cost of capital.
It will benefit, but in the meantime what we will be doing is driving the cost structure down in the deposit franchise for almost 300 basis points of cost to run the deposit franchise as a percentage of deposits down to 200 and opening that up. So it will absolutely help that business. But, meanwhile, it earned $2 billion this quarter, which is not a bad -- after tax, which is not bad either.

Answer_50:

    There was one piece internally between the LAS or, excuse me, the home loan space within LAS and what we have in all other. So if you adjusted that out you are not seeing material changes in the gain on sale.

Answer_51:

    The core production margins that has come down and stayed pretty flat at the levels. Don't read into that is something we are doing, something different.

Answer_52:

    Yes.

Answer_53:

    I think I characterized the backlog as strong at this point, and I would say it is strong both relative to the third quarter as well as to the year-ago period.

Answer_54:

    I think the interesting thing that we have seen coming into this is that the M&A business, and if you look at activity levels and just what has been announced over the course of the last week, that it does feel like that some of the -- the M&A deals that are being talked about are going to happen. Obviously there are a number of them that are still being negotiated and may or may not happen, but M&A activity clearly feels like it is beginning to pick up and ramp up from what we have seen.
You saw within the overall debt businesses very good growth, both year over year as well as linked quarter, and I would say that that business, as well as the market conditions, continue to be quite strong. You then move to the equity side. The fourth quarter was obviously a very good quarter from an IPO perspective.
Typically coming into the year you have a little bit less visibility on that, because a lot of that tends to happen after people wrap up their year-end numbers. But given overall valuations and what we are seeing, we are optimistic on the equity side as well. So I think there is not one piece that we look at within those pipelines that don't feel pretty good.
The only thing I would say as a brief cautionary note is that you are comping against a period that is the highest investment banking revenue period we have ever seen in the history of the Company.

Answer_55:

    U.S. Trust adds maybe 150 to 200 basis points to it.

Answer_56:

    Mike, so that gives you a sense of it. But be careful; what drives our margin is what I said before. It is the wholistic nature of the Merrill Lynch wealth management business. In there they have the wonderful classic investment business, but also they have a good deposit base and a good loan base and all the work the team does there under [John Thiel]. But it adds about 150, 200 basis points.

Answer_57:

    Within commercial it continues to be in the very low 30%s.

Answer_58:

    No change. The only thing that we are seeing that is a little bit of change, and we have talked about it before, is the -- if you look at the amount of funded commercial and corporate loans relative to our total commitments, that has been very much a focus of what Tom has looked at. And we have seen that migrate up to where it is just under 50%.
So while we are not seeing line utilization as much, we are seeing across our commercial and corporate books that the funded commitments relative to total commitments has increased.

Answer_59:

    I think that we talked about that which drove the margin in the fourth quarter. I would say that across the board the margin was very strong in the fourth quarter. You have seen numbers in the low 240s; you have seen it at 251. I would think about that being generally range bound at this point in time with what we see.

Answer_60:

    We have said that we have got $500 million to get through over the course of the next four quarters and I would say that is going to generally be earned over time. So I wouldn't think of it being any more than 100, 125 is generally the way that you will see it phase in.

Answer_61:

    Well, we have committed to saying that our new BAC savings have to be net savings to the Company with the caveat that to the extent that businesses are doing more revenues from where we started that will pay out. And that is what we did see during the fourth quarter from both the global banking side as well as wealth management.
Keep in mind, and I think this is important as you look at the first quarter, is that we have got two things that generally happen in the first quarter. One that we know does and one historically that trend would suggest it does. I mentioned the FAS 123 that you have in the first quarter. We know that is going to be an incremental $900 million.
The other thing that historically has been true is that the sales and trading business the first quarter historically is the most significant quarter within that business. So the incentive compensation, given that we accrue based on revenues, tends to be seasonally highest in the first quarter. You add that plus the $900 million I mentioned and it is not an insignificant number.
We, once again, feel very good we will get the net new BAC savings on a net basis over the course of 2014. Just realize that the first quarter has those two components.

Answer_62:

    What we are referencing is at the end of it -- as we look at over three years, at the end of the third year that is where we would look to get to which, given our current leverage profile, is around 14% on tangible common.

Answer_63:

    That is correct.

Answer_64:

    I would say the general expectation should be that that number is going to be at or probably move down a touch from where we are today given the performance of the core deposit franchise.

Answer_65:

    I think the targets that we have for performance we will put out in the proxy this year when the Board goes through the process over the next several weeks here, Mike. But I think in the past it has been based on getting us back to a level of profitability in the Company and that is what is reflected.

Answer_66:

    The one piece, and once again we are not going to give it, is that if you are just doing that simple math you have not made any assumption with respect to the change in shares. Once again, given that we are in the middle of CCAR, we are not going to comment on that, but you do have some benefit over time through share count.

Answer_67:

    We have a very stringent program that is driven in each market by our marketing president and teammates where we count the referrals that go in, we count the close rate, and who participates in all of that. And then markets are stack ranked and we monitor it monthly to see how they are doing and reward the people doing well.
We set aggressive goals and this year for 2013 they hit all the goals. Every market was in good shape and so it is a fundamental way that our teams operate in the markets together.
When you get specifically into things that work well for wealth management, you have the connectivity when there are liquidity events, so-called business sales, IPOs, and things like that, where we bring in business. We will get through November and I haven't seen a final count yet.
We have about 675 401, retirement plan closed sales in 2013 and we had about 200 and some in 2012. That is driven through the Merrill institution of retirement planning business that [Andy Sieg] and John Thiel drive and delivered between national teams and the financial advisors in the market.
So that gives you the kind of sense of how this works. The dollars of that is in the $5 billion, $6 billion range, if I remember exactly so it is all those types of flows.
And then it is several tens of thousands of customers come from the consumer bank into the wealth management platform referred from the preferred team. But that goes on and those customers, they come into the branch, they have asset bases that are consistent with Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust service models we move them in. So it is a whole bunch of things, but it is tracked, literally, person by person to make sure that it happens.
But, frankly, the teams like to work together and win in the market. And that is what you see when you go into our markets and talk to the teams that do it.

Answer_68:

    I would say the leverage finance business is a very good business for us. If you look at historically we are number one or number two in that business, and if you look at -- on an overall basis if you look at our debt origination, both investment grade as well as non-investment grade, it tends to be an $800 million to $1 billion a quarter type revenue stream.
As it relates to the risk -- and we believe, particularly given some of the new capital guidelines and the competitive landscape, that we are doing better in that business than we have. From the risk management perspective of it you have got two different components of it.
You have the underwrite to distribute component to it, which one of the most notable changes I think has been over the last couple years is the risk gets distributed from the underwriter to the investor generally much quicker, even in the context of deals that have a lag time from the time that they are committed to to where they are distributed. So that is a positive from a risk management perspective.
Then, with respect to the hold pieces, we continue to be very disciplined with respect to the hold levels that we have on those deals. The other thing I would say is, if you just look at mix of business now relative to what you saw 12 months ago, a lot more of the leverage finance business tends to be coming from corporate customers that are either privately held or public. And as valuations have gone up less of it tends to come from the private equity firms.
It is a business that we think that we are very good at. Our team has done a very good job of being mindful of the risk that is associated with it over the last couple years and it is a business that we are optimistic about.

Answer_69:

    The revenue outlook, I think in many respects, as we look out at the profitability we feel very good about the outlook. This is probably the business that most benefits from increased M&A activity, particularly on the corporate side. So to the extent that corporate M&A picks up, you would look to see this business continue to have favorable trends.
The word of caution would just be that it is a market-dependent business and, as you all know, periodically there are gaps in time where the new issue market, particularly on the high-yield side, does slow down, sometimes materially. But on balance we feel very good about the business going forward.

Answer_70:

    The relative amount, obviously, you are getting more and more to the core franchise, so the relative amount of movement we can make -- and remember, couple that with we are investing in people and we are investing in technology to make it all work. And so I would be careful about assuming -- we are always going to be working this, that is our job, but I would be careful about assuming beyond the new BAC cost that Bruce talked about that there will be a lot net after that. Only because we are investing so heavily in the electronic space, which is still building in front of us.
But the theme is right; it is really how do you keep driving down the overall operating cost of all the platforms relative to the revenue stream and the deposit base obviously, because that drives a lot of the revenue stream in the business. And so I wouldn't hold the bottom line, but you should assume that we are going to be diligent in terms of managing that transition to help provide more investments, frankly, as we can.

Answer_71:

    We have got a great product and we just -- I think we are at a steady state. We spend just overall, we decide which business, about $3-billion-and-change in annual technology development, just development, and we expect that number to stay constant over time here. And as we take 

Answer_72:

    On an annual basis, yes. We are rebuilding a system, so I think that -- but that is all built into the dialogue we had about new BAC.

Answer_73:

    I think if you look at the chart we gave you we try to isolate on the costs on page, the bar chart on page nine. You can see that the red bars are sort of the core if take out the litigation and LAS. You have to put some back because there will always be litigation. You have to put some back for just running the servicing portfolio, but we are shooting to drive into numbers that -- take those numbers and then you have to grow them and be careful of the FAS 123 type of thing and which quarter you are looking at.
But our job is to keep driving towards that core expense base. Then as you grow, if we are growing revenues -- the economy growth rate 100 basis points above that, we will grow expenses probably half of that. And that takes a lot of work to keep that expense down because the people content reaches 50%, 60% of our expense base. Our people do a great job and we will pay them.

Answer_74:

    I would just add that, Andrew, on the LAS piece we guided to roughly $1.1 billion at the end of the year. So with respect to the gray bar on page nine that Brian referenced, I would look at and think about $1.8 billion to $1.1 billion happening generally pro-rata over the course of the year.

Answer_75:

    We still got a lot of clean up there. If you look at one of our peers announced yesterday, you can see that they are probably doing their mortgage servicing expenses maybe 30% to 40% of ours, and that is because we just are still getting through the higher delinquency content portfolio. And it lags a little bit getting the stuff done.

Answer_76:

    I think you are closer to the end on magnitude from a reserve release perspective. It always a little bit hard to predict obviously because the reserve releases are a function of what is happening in the underlying credit. But generally, Andrew, I would say that you expect to see charge-offs continue to decline.
And you are obviously going to see the reserve releases, given the magnitude that they have been, you are going to see those slowdown as well with the one delta just being what is the overall loan growth that you are seeing.

Answer_77:

    We agree with your characterization of the $10 billion number.

Answer_78:

    You are trying to creatively ask the same question. You are doing a good job.

Answer_79:

    That was our last question, so once again thanks, everyone, for joining us.

Answer_80:

    Thank you.

