Answer_1:

    Sure. Your first question on international. Yes, all three segments had very strong growth in the quarter. International's 26% for FX-neutral growth rate was actually the strongest we've seen in 3.5 years. I would attribute it to the Prime Fly Wheel. As we may have mentioned in the past -- feel that Europe and the large countries in Europe and Japan are a few years behind the US on a lot of the key Prime metrics, but we also said last year that Prime subscriptions were up 51% year-over-year in 2015. 47% of that was in the US and a higher rate than that internationally.
So, certainly a lot going on in the international. A lot that's really good adding Prime subscribers at a high clip. Continuing to add selection at FBA sellers. So, you'll see devices, you see video content. It's the whole array of Prime offering. Prime Now, Same-day, everything is in Europe. Maybe getting there a little slower than starting point at the US. We see it really showing up in customer engagement and customer purchases.
On the AWS side, I think the 2016 to 2015 comparison probably stands on its own and 2014 falls by the wayside so I would encourage you to look at recent trends. We don't forecast, obviously, by segment.

Answer_2:

    This is Phil Hardin. I'll take the units question. Really the units are driven by very similar trends to what Brian described. When we look at the bridges for revenue, and obviously, units is our key driver of revenue. Things like Prime are key in that bridge. I would also call out selection growth. That has been a big area of focus for us.
One important way we drive selection is through FBA. We continue to be very pleased with the progress we're making in FBA. What that means for our Prime customers is there's more for them to choose from. Obviously, that gives them more they can purchase. It makes Prime more valuable. For sellers, it means they sell more. I would say that FBA is helping drive some of the selection growth we're seeing here. Selection growth and Prime though are two very key drivers of our growth. On the second part, I think Brian -- .

Answer_3:

    One other comment I didn't say earlier, I do want to point out that because of the leap year there was an extra day in Q1. Every Company would have seen this obviously. But, we estimate it was worth about 150 basis points to our growth rate in revenue. That would be consistent North America and international.
Your other comment -- question was on AWS and a bit about margins and margin outlook. We're very pleased with the quarter. We came in at 23.5% operating margin on the new basis including stock-based compensation and other. We're very pleased. But, stepping back with the 64% growth in AWS which is now a $10 billion business. On the margin side, I would caution you that we're pleased, but it is very early to start drawing too many conclusions on the long-term margins in this business. They'll be bumpy over time. At any point in time, they are going to reflect the balance of investing including global expansion that he's talked about. Price reductions we may offer and also driving cost efficiency which for us is a very important driver in not only this business but also the North American and international segments.

Answer_4:

    I'll take the first part of your question about active customers. As we look at our metrics and what information we provide each year, we often make some changes. So, this quarter we only gave the active customers with a paid purchase in the trailing 12 months. So, that number was more than 285 million. I think that's pretty similar to the trend that we've seen in that metric.
In the past, sometimes we had also given a total active customers count. That number for this quarter was over 310 million so that may be where you're making the statement about the slowdown in growth. The trajectory was very similar from prior quarters for both of those numbers. But, we opted just to give the other one, but you now have the number for the total number of customers as well.

Answer_5:

    And, on your AWS footprint question so we ended the quarter with 33 availability zones and 12 geographic regions, and we have 11 more availability zones opening in the next year. The impact on capital, yes, there will be additional capital investment as we build out those zones. Some of it has already taken place. But, I'll also say that by and large, the largest increases in capital leases is to support the growth of incremental usage of customers we have now and agreements we have now. You should expect to see us continue to invest to support this business. We have a leadership position. We intend to maintain it, and we're very excited about where we are.

Answer_6:

    Let me start with the Prime. Yes, we have had very strong growth the last two years and earlier obviously on Prime growth of members. I would say it's a culmination of a lot of separate investments that we're making. If you look at the success of our devices, we are seeing tablets sell twice the volume in Q1 year-over-year. Fire TV stick, you may have read in our press release that it has greater than 100,000 customer reviews, the most reviewed product ever. Over 62,000 of those reviews are 5-star reviews. We've not only had the Echo, but we have the Echo Dot and Tap. We're branching off that product line and having trouble keeping those in stock. And, of course, we launched the new Kindle Oasis, our e-reader.
That is an important part of the series as is the digital content. You may have seen the recent announcements that we're working on a great amount of new content for Prime members. Customers love the content, and we like the results we see particularly around Prime free trial conversion and renewal rates for subscribers who use and take advantage of Prime. So, beyond the awards that the content is winning and the success we're having with Amazon particularly Amazon Originals, we feel that program is working. We're going to significantly increase our spend in that area. Some of that is in Q2. You'll see that more in the next few quarters. But, we think that's working and look forward to bringing a lot of new content to our Prime subscriber base. Both to our normal Prime subscription and also the monthly plan that you alluded to.

Answer_7:

    This is Phil Hardin. I'll jump in on the second part of your question. For the trucks, really it's trailers. The typical use case is running a lag between a fulfillment center and a sort center. So, we're running enough volume there that we were using trucks already. We thought it made sense to go ahead and buy some trailers. We're actually still contracting out for the truck part, and it gives us flexibility. We think the economics will make sense over time. Similarly, we've announced an agreement to lease some airplanes with air transport services group, agreement to lease up to 20 Boeing 767s there. And, similar use case, it's products that are already boxed, and we think again this is activities we've been doing already which means we grow at a very rapid rate. This gives us extra capacity, and we think it's good to be able to deliver to customers. We think it makes sense over the long-term.

Answer_8:

    Sure. This is Brian. Let me start with the second question first. It wasn't necessarily the Prime Fly Wheel that was the issue. It was more the FBA demand that we had from FBA sellers for space in our warehouses. We were very full. It was a high-class problem to have.
But, as I mentioned last quarter, it did result in higher fulfillment costs in the fourth quarter as a result. I think you'll see some of that dissipated now in Q1. You can tell it was a Q4 issue.
We learn from every Q4. This one was no exception. We are already making plans for a smoother Q4 next year. We will continue to add fulfillment capacity. We'll work with FBA sellers on inventory stocking and timing, and we think that there's things that we can do better as we do every year, come out of the fourth quarter with immense learnings.

Answer_9:

    This is Phil. On the Prime question, we launched Prime in the US in 2005. Followed that in 2007 with UK, Germany, and Japan. And then, other countries after. We have Prime in all the countries where we have marketplaces with the exception of Mexico, China, and India.
And, Prime is really in varying stages in those countries. We have some kind of an expedited shipping offer in all of them. Here in the US, we've been talking quite a bit about Prime Now. That's also in Italy and Japan and the UK at this point and not others. Also, varying levels of digital benefits as well.
Generally, the international countries are not as far along with selection or the fullness of the digital offers. We've got Prime Video in the UK, in Germany, and Japan. Music is not fully rolled out yet all together. That's where we are with Prime.

Answer_10:

    Sure. Let me start with that second one. We think there's a lot of room to grow not only in our international countries but also in the US. We plan on continuing to build the benefits of the Prime program from music to video to two-day shipping to same-day shipping to Prime Now. I don't see that dissipating, and it remains the best deal in retail so hopefully everyone signs up for that.
On the tech and content question, I don't have a lot to call out in the quarter. I would say there's no letup in the pace of invention here particularly on the AWS side. We used quote the number of new features and services to you each quarter. We had 214 in Q1 up from the 170 this first quarter of last year. Over 26% growth in this quarter alone coming off a year where I believe the number was 722 significant new features and services delivered for AWS customers last year.

Answer_11:

    Thanks. I actually just returned from India where I spent a week with our teams in Bangalore and Hyderabad. We're breaking ground on a new 10-acre campus there. So, we are solidifying and increasing our investment in India on all fronts.
I had a chance to see firsthand the level of invention going on with both customers and sellers making deliveries to customers, seeing the I have space program we have with merchants. It's a very exciting time in India, and again, the invention is off the charts. We're inventing things in India that do not exist in other parts of the world. And, the team there is one of our best. You can see it in some of the external commentary as well. For the second year in a row, customers selected Amazon India as Amazon's most trusted online shopping brand.
During the quarter we rolled out a feature called Tatkal which is a studio on wheels that we go to the sellers to help them sign up. We let them do registration, imaging, catalog, uploads, and basic seller training. We're taking it to the sellers -- taking the business to the sellers. We've already reached sellers in 25 cities, and we're really helping them expand their business. Not only within their home region, throughout the whole country.

Answer_12:

    Sure. On the op margin side, although there was improvement year-over-year, you're right, it is still on an FX-neutral basis negative. We have, as I said earlier, fulfillment network and digital content. We continue to build the underpinnings of the Prime program in our international countries. You also have to keep in mind that we're making large investments in India. We're very excited about what we see. And, we will continue to invest heavily in India.

Answer_13:

    I'll take your second question first. So, again, we had margin expansion year-over-year that was quite significant from 12.4% to 23.5%. But, again, it's very early in this business. We're very pleased with the results we're seeing on the top and bottom line. But, margins are going to be bumpy and affected by levels of investing, price reductions, and also cost efficiency that we're driving. So, quarter to quarter, it will very. We are concerned at this point about capital efficiency, returning price to customers periodically with price reductions, and adding feature sets for them to make the business more valuable.

Answer_14:

    This is Phil. For your other part of the question, we're not providing an update on the $1 billion stat. What I would say is that the AWS team has strong revenue growth across their suite of products. The fastest growing product in their history is actually Aurora, the new database. We're very excited by what we're seeing in that space, but we're not breaking out the revenue for those various components today.

Answer_15:

    Sure. I don't have a forecast for you on content cost in isolation or really forward looks on anything besides the guidance I've given you. Yes, it hits in the gross margin. Content costs do show up there. I think the bigger issues that you should look at in gross margin, and again, starting with the comment that we expanded by 300 basis points year-over-year. That is really driven by, first of all, the AWS growth. And again, $10 billion business growing 64%. We're very pleased with that, and that affects gross margin as well.
The other bigger element though is the third-party contribution. Third-party units are now up to 48% of paid units, and that's up 400 basis points year-over-year. That continues to be a factor in gross margin. We book that on a net basis. The third-party revenue. It's a positive factor in gross margin. It can be a negative factor in fulfillment costs and some of the other metrics.

Answer_16:

    This is Phil. Also, just to jump in, gross margin is not the primary metric we use to measure the business. We're much more focused on free cash flow dollars and operating profit dollars. So, there are a whole lot of moving parts in gross margin, and Brian mentioned a lot of them. But, it's not a primary metric for us.

Answer_17:

    We're very excited about the advertising business, and we think it's still very early days for this opportunity. So, it's an offering we've been working on. We're trying to take a very customer-centric approach. You've probably noticed some changes in the treatment on the website, and we did move away from text ads and product ads in favor of some of the other, newer products. We're really excited about the opportunity there is for third-party sellers and for other vendors on the site. But, we're not breaking out numbers today.

Answer_18:

    On Prime Now, we're now in 30 metro areas. Really from a standing start 16 months ago when we opened our first Prime Now location, and it's now a worldwide business in the US, UK, Italy, and Japan. The five cities we added in the first quarter were Raleigh, North Carolina, Cincinnati, Tampa, Liverpool, England, and Osaka, Japan.
How do we feel about that business? Again, it offers tens of thousands of daily essential products. We think it's a service that customers like. Certainly is hard for companies to do. We think the natural evolution of our operations network and our scale gives us a chance to do this, and we are happy to invest in it as a service for our customers. We're taking a long-term approach on this one though.

Answer_19:

    Let me start with your CapEx question. We like to look at both capital expenditures and capital leases because they're both essentially our level of investment. Those totaled $9.5 billion in the trailing 12 months, and it was up 7% from the 12-month period ending this quarter last year. I will point out that the prior year was $6.1 billion. We have stepped up investment. Although it did not go up as much year-over-year this quarter, we are still spending almost $10 billion on what essentially is fulfillment capacity in support of really strong growth -- unit growth in FBA and global expansion and then also on AWS. Additional capacity for existing customers as they grow their business and also in new regions. We've been working and continue to work very hard on capital productivity. It's very important to us and I attribute a good piece of the ability to keep that at a modest growth rate year-over-year to our capital efficiency and better purchasing across all capital and capital leases quite frankly. But, again, we are spending almost $10 billion.

Answer_20:

    Stephen, this is Phil. Just to jump on the usage growth comment, we continue to see really strong usage growth. We're not in the business of raising prices. We lower prices for AWS. There can be mix for products, but by and large, if you see our revenue growth, we're also lowering prices which means that by math we're typically going to be growing usage at a very strong rate. Just wanted to jump on that.

Answer_21:

    This is Phil. I'll take the EGM question first. So, just to put numbers on that, the year-over-year in the US, or North in America, was 32% growth which was up from 28% in Q4. There's not any single categories we're calling out there. To grow on a base that big, that kind of rate, you need pretty strong performance across the board. A lot of categories are selling a lot. It's a lot of the drivers we talked about. As Brian mentioned on the revenue growth side -- Prime, selection growth. We also benefited from the extra day in quarter due to the leap year. Strong performance from many of the categories.

Answer_22:

    On Amazon Fresh, we continue to have a strong Fresh business in a number of cities in the US. We know customers love it. We're making good progress on the economics. You'll also notice we have other ways for people to buy consumable products. We have Prime Pantry. We have Prime Now. We're playing with a lot of different models to see what resonates with consumers, and it will guide our investment decisions going forward.

Answer_23:

    I'll take the first question on content. Yes, my comment on Prime benefits was essentially one about video content and our investment there. Not saying other investments may not go up as well, but that is the one we're focusing on that I called out.
On the comment about Prime -- I guess what I'll call availability or saturation. I think that's one of the thoughts behind our monthly plan. We want to create flexibility for consumers to try Prime in a low cost way if that's how they choose. We've always had our free trial program, but it is a hurdle for many people, or there's a hesitancy to put up a full year's payment for a year of Prime. Annual is still going to be a better deal. But, we know customers may try it more frequently if it's a monthly plan. And, that's what we're looking for. We know that once customers try it, generally they'll really like it. So, we think that will purge some other demographic groups as well.

Answer_24:

    This is Phil. Another comment on the Prime. Your saturation question. Keep in mind, even in the US, which is our most mature by years of launch, we still grew last year at 47% year-over-year membership growth, and we continue to make the program better and better. I think the monthly offers are great for flexibility. Give people a chance to try new ways, and we continue to add content. We continue to add selection. Prime Now is a huge benefit that didn't even exist two years ago. We're still out trying to meet as many customers as possible. We're very committed to driving Prime and it's part of the Company.
Your question on China, probably the biggest thing to point to is more progress and selection on the Amazon global store. This is our website -- this is the offer that allows Chinese customers to shop from the US website, Amazon.com with prices in RMB and with Chinese language pages. It's focused on items that may be hard to get. And, Amazon is really trying to become the trusted source for many of these goods. So, really that's a big part of the focus. If you've been tracking that number over time, we're now up over $10 million which is good progress on that front.

Answer_25:

    I'll start. You see the growth rate of the segment at 27%. It's showing the success we're having with customers. When we grow at that clip, we can do a lot of good things with it. We can on the cost side run our facilities more efficiently. We can buy better. We can look to in-source some things that we may have paid externally for. There's a number of things that we can do that I think will show up on the bottom line. But, principally, what we're trying to do now is make the Prime experience as strong as possible for consumers.

Answer_26:

    This is Phil. The other thing I would add to that is that the margin you see in any quarter is the output of our rate of investment in some places and drive for efficiencies in others. We're not really trying to optimize for any particular number in a given quarter. We're just trying to make the best decisions we can to grow long-term free cash flow per share. We're juggling the investment in the places where we feel like we have long-term opportunities where we need to invest with making sure we're getting continuously better in all our other processes at the same time.

Answer_27:

    This is Phil. I'll take the India question. We're happy to see the recent clarifications. Then, we're happy to operate in any regime. Frankly, the more clarity the better.

Answer_28:

    Then, on the logistics question. Stepping back, the reason we add logistics capability and transportation capability is so we can serve our customers faster and faster delivery speeds, and we've needed to add more of our own capacity to supplement our carriers and partners. They're still, again, great partners, have been, and will continue to be for the future. But, we see opportunities where we need to add additional capacity, and we're filling those voids.

Answer_29:

    Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

