Question_1:

    Hi, thanks very much. Good morning. So just wanted to touch on a couple of things that you mentioned during your prepared remarks here. One is on the NII actions that you were talking about you might take with the securities portfolio as a way to protect OCI. But it might have a hit on the top line when you do that. Could you just talk through what kind of size you're thinking about and what the triggers for that action might be?

Question_2:

    Okay. And then obviously a question that a lot of people have is the current rate environment and what that impact is. So this is in addition to the typical negative impact on NII from the long end of the curve, I would assume, [coming down]?

Question_3:

    Got it, got it. Okay. And then the other comment was on expenses where you indicated that you are obviously done with New BAC, which is fantastic and LAS is on track. So outside of the LAS expense reductions, more directionally expenses would move in line with revenue. Could you give us a sense as to what you think you could do on expenses in the event that the long end of the curve stays where it is right now, hovering at like [$2.01]?

Question_4:

    So just to rephrase, you still have expense reduction coming through from the work that you've done so far; you're just not going to name it something new?

Question_5:

    Okay, super. Thank you.

Question_6:

    Hi, thanks very much. On slide 8 is this tiny uptick in consumer 30 day past due. It's a small number, but it's the first time I've seen it go up in a long time. Credit outlook is great. Just curious if that denotes like a bottoming and what you're seeing. And then in conjunction with that, how you feel about what appears to be a very large loan allowance as a percentage of charge-offs.

Question_7:

    That's good; that's comforting. You mentioned the $3 billion of sub debt that you issued during the quarter. Just curious if there's any thought process of is that getting ahead of OLA and do you feel that there's going to be a sub debt component? Is that just you being cautious and having some diversification in the debt structure?

Question_8:

    Okay, last one. On mortgage, just curious what percentage of current originations you're keeping on balance sheet and then related part two would be how much is the unfinished question around repurchase risk constraining any mortgage lending or is it really still a function of demand at this point?

Question_9:

    Okay, thanks both.

Question_10:

    Hey, good morning. Two questions. First on governance, can you just kind of talk through the reasoning on the Board's perspective to kind of change the Chairmanship and with a lead director how you think that dynamic may change, good or bad? And I guess secondly is this a vote of confidence in you, Brian, in terms of the leadership and current strategy?

Question_11:

    And does the Fed take part in reviewing this decision in any way?

Question_12:

    Okay, great. And then second question on the balance sheet, with the $47 billion reduction, clearly it helps the LCR, but can you give us a sense on how it benefited -- I'm sorry, the SLR -- but can you give us a sense on how it might have improved your LCR, number one and if there's any additional benefits beyond leverage that helps the stress test?

Question_13:

    So is it fair to assume that you guys are near or at the 100% LCR threshold? And I guess secondarily should we expect balance sheet growth to start -- loan deposit growth, balance sheet growth start to pick up from here or you still have more to do?

Question_14:

    Okay, great. That's helpful. Thanks.

Question_15:

    Hi, Bruce. I wanted to follow up on the NII outlook and the potential strategic actions. Is the potential $100 million headwind on the core NII, does that reflect the possible strategic actions or is that just reflecting the fact that reinvestment rates for the maturing cash flows are lower today than they were in the second quarter?

Question_16:

    Okay. And this buy ticket or these kind of actions that you might take, how might they impact your projections of rate sensitivity to rising short and long rates?

Question_17:

    Okay. So you're not talking about a major restructuring of the bond portfolio; it's just being patient in terms of investing? I think I might've misunderstood the actions.

Question_18:

    Got it. Okay, totally understood. Thank you. And Bruce, just in terms of the FAS 91 or the premium amortization charges that move around with the 10 year, is that pretty proportional to how the 10 year moves up and down or are there levels where it stops kind of being a straight-line impact?

Question_19:

    Okay. And just a follow-up on the provision, just wondering how we should think about the jumping off point for the provision relative to the $600 million reported or the $200 million ex-DOJ this quarter? How should we think about where to start off with that?

Question_20:

    Okay. That's helpful. And then just on capital builds, Bruce, it seems like you're still able to grow the Tier 1 common at a multiple of the GAAP earnings. Is that primarily as DTA, and could you remind us what the status of the DTA balance is and how much is disallowed currently?

Question_21:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_22:

    Hi, good morning. Were there any gains in the $2.5 billion of NPA sales?

Question_23:

    $150 million gain?

Question_24:

    Okay. As far as the outlook for rates, have you changed your rate assumption for the next year, given what the 10-year has done?

Question_25:

    And is that changing the way you're managing the portfolio or the Company? In other words, at what point do you look at the low rate environment and say our prior assumptions might have been off a little bit; we need to revise the approach?

Question_26:

    Sure. No, it's tough figuring out the rate environment right now. I'm just revisiting the comment you made. You said expenses should move more directionally with revenues. And if I look at the first nine months, I guess revenues are down but expenses are down more. Do you mean that instead of having positive operating leverage, it might be flat operating leverage looking ahead?

Question_27:

    Okay, and then two questions for Brian or perhaps it's for you, Bruce. I know I asked this before, but if rates do not go higher in 2015, what is Bank of America's ROE target?

Question_28:

    And then lastly, just following up on the other question relating to the separation of the CEO and the Chairman role, when you consult with regulators, do they care one way or another if the CEO and Chair position is split? There are several corporate governance experts who say it's better to have those two roles split and others say it doesn't matter. Do you know what the regulator view is on that because you're going from what some consider a preferred corporate governance approach, splitting the CEO and Chair role, to now combining them?

Question_29:

    All right. Thank you.

Question_30:

    Good morning. If I could just follow up on some of the capital commentary you provided, especially in the deck here. It seems like there's a number of adjustments that were made this quarter and then just right after the quarter, you consolidated the bank subs. There's some increase in operational risk RWA. You commented on OCI, managing to that. Just as we think big picture on managing capital, what's left and is there opportunity to bring down some of the off-balance sheet exposures now that you have more final rules on the SLR?

Question_31:

    Okay. And then as you think about -- I guess the adjustment on the operational risk RWA side, do you think that's about done or is it an ongoing process until you hopefully exit the parallel run?

Question_32:

    Okay. And then just separately within the C&I lending book, you talked about pricing pressure, as well as some paydowns, but I guess specifically on the pricing pressure, what are you seeing now versus a quarter or two ago when you were still trying to grow or growing the book in terms of not just the magnitude of pricing, but what types of products?

Question_33:

    Okay, all right. Thank you very much.

Question_34:

    Good morning, this is Guy. A question on, first of all, the optimization that you talked about with respect to commercial deposits around $15 billion and the, I think, roughly $12 billion in securities financing transactions. Should we look at those two things as directly related to each other?

Question_35:

    Okay, so the $15 billion isn't all essentially prime brokerage-related as well like the asset reduction that you are talking about?

Question_36:

    Okay, that's helpful. Another question is with respect to the provision related to the DOJ settlement. Should we look at this $400 million, which, as you said, offset what would have been an $800 million reserve release, should we look at that as essentially now a one-time true-up and going forward, you now feel that you have the provision that you'll need for multiple years to fulfill the settlement terms or is the settlement going to essentially be a pay-as-you-go thing through the provision?

Question_37:

    Got it. That's a very helpful explanation. Thanks. And finally, cyber security issues. Obviously you were not the bank that's been in the crosshairs here and yet I would imagine that this is something that has caused some consternation internally and some spending. JPMorgan has talked about a $250 million budget for cyber security issues, which is expected to double. Can you give us a sense for what you're spending there and how you would expect it to increase?

Question_38:

    Thanks. I actually do have one more if that's all right and it's with respect to the rep and warranty RPL, which in the footnote you say it's the same as it was last quarter at about $4 billion. Can you update us on where you are with any lawsuits related to the non-Countrywide originations, which add up to around $420 billion of UPB?

Question_39:

    Okay. So no movement there obviously this quarter?

Question_40:

    Thanks very much.

Question_41:

    Yes, good morning, guys. A quick one on loan growth. So at first glance, it looked kind of weak. It seemed to be driven by Consumer. I just want to make sure I've got the right adjustments here that I think you guys have laid out. In mortgage, $12.5 billion decline sequentially, but should we be backing out the $2.5 billion of NPL sales and then the $6.5 billion of agency conversion from that decline so you know you get kind of like a normalized decline rate sequentially of more like $3.5 billion on the mortgage side?

Question_42:

    Sure, sure. And maybe if you could, is it possible to give us an idea about the runoff portfolio, what's left in that at this stage and what your guys' expectations are for like a runoff headwind just so we can think about it for modeling purposes?

Question_43:

    Okay. And that's on a quarterly headwind basis?

Question_44:

    Okay, terrific. And then thinking about Wealth Management, could you break down the expansion in the margins there this quarter? How much of it came from reduced spending? I know you guys have been investing there and so maybe could you help us understand how much of a contributing factor that was here this quarter and how much investment is left to wind down here?

Question_45:

    Sorry, Wealth Management pre-tax.

Question_46:

    Yes, so that technology spend also rolled off too, which probably helped, right?

Question_47:

    Cool, cool. All right, I seem to remember that being somewhere in the ballpark of like $50 million to $100 million, is that right?

Question_48:

    Okay, so a decline from that might be less so?

Question_49:

    Cool. And then last one, I know you guys had talked about here the repositioning that you guys want to take as far as AOCI risk and such. When we think about the AOCI hit that you guys lay out versus other money centers and the interest rate shock, it's a little bit higher than where some of the other folks are. So hoping to maybe get a little bit of color on where the current duration is, where you expect the duration to go based upon the actions that you take and then maybe help us also square the circle of understanding, the larger AOCI hit and whether that's a result of a barbelling with the portfolio or what.

Question_50:

    Okay. So is it right then to assume the duration on the AFS portfolio is a little under three years or is that not a correct inference?

Question_51:

    Okay, thanks a lot.

Question_52:

    Hi, thanks. Just a question just on the trading business. Obviously you guys and the other companies did well amidst the volatility in September and I'm just wondering with regard to the balance sheet changes you guys have been making and the optimization of RWAs and given what's happening in the environment right now, any changes in terms of how Tom's running that business as far as being able to capture the revenue opportunity out there or any inhibition given by your views around risk-taking and these capital balance sheet changes that you guys have talked about today?

Question_53:

    Thanks, Brian. And to follow just on the mortgage business, the servicing line has continued to just trickle out. I'm just wondering have we seen the bottoming of the former sales and the related revenues moving away from that.

Question_54:

    And my last follow-up just on that point, you had talked about $1.1 billion by 1Q 2015. You had previously talked about getting it down to about $500 million a year out from that. Is that still a reasonable expectation given that backdrop you just laid out?

Question_55:

    Okay, thanks, guys.

Question_56:

    Yes, I just wanted to follow up on that. You talk about 60 day delinquent loans down 42,000 to 221,000. I don't think there's any sales of that. Is that just working through the portfolio and that seems like a very high pace? Can we expect that type of pace or what type of pace of loans do you think you can work out on a quarterly or annualized basis?

Question_57:

    Outside of the servicing trends, it was 20,000 to 25,000, so it was down roughly about 15,000 give or take, give or take 1,000 loans. Is that a pace that we could model going forward?

Question_58:

    Okay. And then relative to the big Department of Justice settlement, where do you think you are on legal costs? I know it's hard to sit there and say, but we've seen a couple other competitors get the Department of Justice behind them, but there still tends to be this nagging $1 billion here and there in legal costs that just won't go away. Where do you think we are -- is Bank of America, since they've paid probably the most out than anybody, are you more through that than most other people?

Question_59:

    Okay, hey, guys, thank you very much.

Question_60:

    Hi, Brian. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just a question in terms of the investment banking product rankings on page 32. Obviously most of the numbers are in the top three, particularly in the more important category. I guess just looking at the global rankings in terms of some of the numbers that aren't in the top three, are there further investments you all plan to make in that business that would have any effect on the operating expense ratios in Global Banking or is that pretty much steady-state in terms of the investments you all are putting into those businesses?

Question_61:

    And then if I could just ask a follow-up on the non-US commercial loans, a couple of competitors have mentioned that there's been some weakness in trade finance lending. And I'm just curious how much, if any, that has affected the loan growth within the non-US commercial side of the balance sheet?

Question_62:

    Thanks very much, Bruce.

Question_63:

    Mine were asked and answered. Thank you.

Question_64:

    Hi, good morning. Bruce, first question regards capital and profitability targets. I know at a recent investor conference you alluded to the fact that you believe that CCAR currently represents the binding capital constrained for the bank, which just presumably you'll need to manage to a higher core Tier 1, which I guess from my perspective could put at risk the 14% ROE T goal that you guys had established in the early part of this year and I suppose it's really a two-parter. First, what core Tier 1 target do you believe you'll need to manage over the cycle and then as a follow-up to that, how does that inform your outlook for meeting that goal?

Question_65:

    All right. Thanks for that, Bruce. That's really helpful. And then just switching gears to the liquidity side of the equation, one measure which hasn't garnered very much attention is the net stable funding ratio. And my understanding is that Basel's at least intended goal was to have the NSFR calibration completed by the end of this year. And I was hoping you could disclose where you currently stand on this metric.

Question_66:

    All right, thanks. And maybe just one more quick modeling question. I was hoping you could clarify given all the preferred issuance that's been done, assuming nothing incremental is completed going forward in terms of issuance, what the preferred coupon should be on an annualized basis next year.

Question_67:

    All right, perfect. That's it for me. Thanks for taking my questions.

