
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's second-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and the Dave Wehner, CFO. 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at www.investor.fb.com. 
And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, Deborah, and thanks, everyone for joining today. This was a good quarter for us. We've continued to make good progress in the growth of our community with 1.49 billion people now using Facebook each month and more than 1.3 billion people using Facebook on mobile. We've also continued to make gains in engagement. More than 968 million people worldwide now use Facebook daily, and 65% of our monthly actives are daily actives. 
Several products in the Facebook app are reaching global scale, too, now with more than 450 million people using events each month, and more than 850 million people using groups. And, when it comes to time spent across Facebook messenger and Instagram, people are now spending more than 50 -- sorry, 46 minutes per day on average and that doesn't include WhatsApp. 
Our business performance has grown with our community. This quarter, our total revenue was more than $4 billion for the first time, and advertising revenue grew by 43% year over year. These results reflect the ongoing investments and improvements we've made and the quality, performance, and usefulness of our services. And, continuing to make progress here remains our biggest priority. 
Now with that in mind, I'd like to talk about how we're working on this across our current products, our next-generation of apps, and our long-term innovation efforts. Over the next few years, our main focus is on helping our existing communities and businesses reach their full potential. An important part of our strategy is continuing to deliver great experiences across all our products. This means improving the speed and reliability of our apps and building new infrastructure to support our global scale like our new data center in Texas. 
Over the last six months, we've improved the performance of our core app reducing crashes on iOS by more than 30% and some Android phones by more than 40%. On messenger, people can now send messages up to 20% faster, and it's twice as fast when you start the app. These are just a few examples of how our engineering focus is delivering better experiences for everyone in our community. Another part of delivering great experiences is helping people connect with the content they want. 
This quarter, we've continued to focus on improving people's experience in newsfeed by making it easier to find more relevant and engaging content from friends and the entire community. Connecting people with more great video content is an important part. Video continues to be some of the richest and most engaging content for people and publishers, and since the start of the year, pages are also sharing more than 40% more videos. This quarter, we updated our newsfeed ranking to help people see more of the videos they care about and also began testing new options for video monetization to help our partners build their businesses. We're excited about the potential for continued work here. 
The focus we've had on video also supports our efforts to connect more people around important public moments and events. From the 59 million people who generated more than 300 million interactions around the Copa America to the 26 million people who changed their profile photos for Pride, or the more than 150 million people who are notified that their friends were safe after the Nepal earthquake. Facebook has clearly become the home for global conversations about things that people care about. 
And, when it comes to serving businesses on our platform, this quarter we continued to focus on delivering more useful tools and resources to help them achieve their goals. Helping marketers to tell more visually engaging stories through video and carousel ads is an important focus as well as supporting small businesses. There are now more than 40 million small businesses, small and medium-size businesses, using pages on Facebook. So, we have a big opportunity to create value for communities all over the world. And, Sheryl is going to talk more about this in a moment. 
Next, let's talk about how we're building our next generation of services which we also expect to be important parts of our business over the next few years. With Instagram, the continued growth in the size and engagement of the community shows how this is becoming one of the best places to get a realtime snapshot of the world. For moments from the US presidential campaign trail to NASA's first photos from Pluto, people are using Instagram in a lot of interesting ways. This quarter, we made some big improvements to the app including upgrading our search and Explore functionality and introducing trending content which we expect will provide even more engaging experiences. 
On messenger, this quarter we rolled out a number of new features including mobile video calling, a new way to share locations, and the option to sign up for messenger without using a Facebook account. We also continue to make good progress building out the messenger platform. We expect these improvements to continue making messenger a more useful and engaging experience for lots of people. More than 700 million people now use messenger, and we've reached more than 1 billion downloads on Android. These milestones are a good sign that we're on the right path here. 
With WhatsApp, we're pleased with our continued growth, and the team is continuing to roll out new features to serve the whole community. We've continued to improve the web experience for WhatsApp as well as launching voice calling to more people and on more devices. With search, we are continuing to build a better experience for our whole community. We recently crossed 1.5 billion searches per day, and we've now indexed more than 2 trillion posts. This is a huge set of unique experiences and perspectives and by allowing people to unlock this knowledge, we have a huge opportunity to create value for the world in the coming years. 
Finally, let's talk about our other efforts that we expect to deliver impact over the longer term. With Internet.org we have a lot of momentum with our goal of connecting everyone in the world to the Internet. A year ago, we launched the Internet.org app for the first time in Zambia. And, since then, we've made free basic Internet services available to more than 1 billion people in 17 countries. 
Our results show that Internet.org is working. After launching free basic services, mobile operators are seeing people adopt mobile data 50% faster than before. And, more than one-half the new people coming online through Internet.org choose to pay for data and access more Internet services within their first 30 days. 
We recently made changes to the Internet.org program for both developers and operators that will give people -- that will give more people access to even more free services. With the Internet.org platform, now it's easy for any developer to create services that integrate with Internet.org. And, just this week, we announced a portal for operators that makes it easy for them to quickly launch free basic services in new countries. 
We're also making progress on our efforts to connect people living in some of the most remote communities on earth. Our connectivity lab is working on new technologies for connecting communities that include drones, satellites, and laser communication systems. And, we'll be sharing more of our progress here very soon. 
And, with Oculus, we've announced that the Rift will ship to consumers in the first quarter of 2016. The team recently introduced details about the full hardware and software experience that people can expect including our new touch controllers. Oculus is going to be the best VR experience in the world when it launches, and I'm really excited for us to begin delivering on the promise of virtual reality. 
So, that's how we focused our efforts over the last quarter. We're preparing for the future, but we're also working to deliver better experiences and value to our community today. And as usual, I want to thank our whole community including our employees, our shareholders, and our partners. Thanks to you, our community is getting stronger and stronger every day, and we're making progress on our mission to make the world more open and connected. 
So, thank you. And now, here's Sheryl. 

Thanks, Mark, and hi, everyone. We had another strong quarter and a great first half of the year. Ad revenue grew 43% year over year, 55% on a constant currency basis. Mobile ad revenue grew 74% year over year, making it over three-quarters of total ad revenue. Our growth was broad-based across all marketer segments and industry verticals. Similar to Q1, we're pleased with the adoption of our ad products across all regions and we saw strong revenue growth in North America and Asia-Pacific in particular. We're staying focused on our three main priorities: capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of Facebook marketers, and making our ads more relevant and effective. 
First, capitalizing on the shift to mobile. People are spending more time on their mobile devices and on Facebook apps. We continue to get more than one out of every five minutes on smartphones in the US, and mobile usage is driving our growth globally as well. We believe we have the best performing mobile ad product in the market, and video is making it even better. With so many consumer videos being watched on Facebook, video ads are a natural part of the newsfeed experience. 
For marketers, video has always been a compelling format. Now Facebook enables mass reach and cross-device targeting and measurement abilities far superior to what other platforms offer. Mobile video was a major theme at the Cannes Lions Festival last month for some of the biggest winners like Under Armour's I will what I want, with Droga5; and Procter & Gamble's, like a girl with Leo Burnett; used mobile video on Facebook as part of their campaigns. 
Our second priority is growing the number of marketers using our ad products. In Q2, we announced that 40 million small and medium businesses have active Facebook pages, and this number continues to grow. Earlier this month, I hosted SMB roundtables in Berlin and London. I got to hear firsthand how advertising on Facebook is helping SMBs sell their products, grow their businesses, hire new employees, and even expand to other cities and countries. 
One of the business owners I met was Kelly Wright, a single mom who started selling dresses from her home. She began by shooting videos of her dresses on her mobile phone and promoting them on Facebook for just a few pounds. Using Facebook as her only marketing channel, Kelly grew her business, [Christalee] Fashions, to over GBP3 million annually, and she now has 10 employees. We're increasing our engagement with the global SMB community and have now held more than 80 local boost-your-business events around the world, meeting thousands of businesses and getting their feedback on how we can make our products work better for them. 
We're also building out our leadership teams around the world. In recent weeks, we've added senior talent to our International teams including a new head of Latin America and new regional leadership in several countries in EMEA. We also opened an office in Johannesburg, our first in Africa. 
Our third priority is making our ads more relevant and effective. Better, more engaging, and relevant ads are good for people and marketers. And, we're working hard to improve them. We continue to innovate at a rapid pace by introducing new ad formats and new tools for marketers. This quarter, we expanded carousel ads which show multiple images in one ad unit. We introduced dynamic product ads which allow marketers to upload their product catalog and show the right product to the right person at the right time. We also introduced a new ad format called lead ads, a simpler way for people to connect with companies they're interested in hearing from. 
We continue to focus on providing world-class products and tools for direct response advertisers. Booking.com a Priceline Group Company, is using Facebook link ads featuring book now buttons to drive reservations. In Q2, Facebook ads drove a meaningful increase in room reservations for booking.com, helping them meet their ROI goals for the campaign. They are now expanding their use of Facebook ads across multiple markets. 
We continue to make progress with ads on Instagram. In Q2, we launched Instagram ads in Brazil, Germany, and Japan. We also introduced additional capabilities for marketers including carousel ads on Instagram which brands are using in creative ways. For example, to showcase a spring fashion collection, gradually reveal a full panorama, or show different views of a location. 
Over the coming months, Instagram ads will be available to more advertisers with new formats, better targeting, and the ability to buy online as well as through third-party planners. As we ramp Instagram ads, we remain focused on quality and relevance to ensure the best experience for people and the highest performance for marketers. And, as always, our highest focus is on the consumer experience with Instagram. 
Measurement is a key priority as we work to expand our share of global marketing budgets. Since we introduced conversion lift, which measures the direct impact that Facebook ads have on sales, we've seen adoption from marketers across verticals. When Acura launched the TLX, the largest launch in their history, they used Facebook video to show the TLX in scenarios that quickly captured people's attention like imitating a roller coaster. They then used our retargeting technology to show more detailed ads only to the people who watched the videos. Using conversion lift, they proved that Facebook ads directly drove vehicle sales. 
To help marketers target and measure campaigns both on and off Facebook, we're continuing to build out our ad tech platform with Atlas, LiveRail, and the Audience Network. Entertainment Company Live Nation knew that people browsed for concert tickets on mobile devices, but they were never able to measure whether they converted into sales. Using Atlas, Live Nation was able to link their mobile ads to 66% more ticket purchases for one of their largest artists. This shows the promise of Atlas to measure cross-device conversion. We're pleased with the progress we're making on all three of our main priorities, and we plan to stay focused. 
Now, here's Dave. 

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. Q2 was another strong quarter for Facebook. We generated $4 billion in revenue and $1.3 billion in free cash flow. Strong community growth and engagement underpinned our financial performance. In June, approximately 968 million people used Facebook on an average day, an increase of 17% compared to last year. This daily number represents 65% of the 1.49 billion people who used Facebook during the month of June. That MAU number grew by 173 million year over year, and by this measure, the second quarter was our strongest in terms of community growth since 2013. 
Mobile remains the key driver of our growth. In June, approximately 1.31 billion people accessed Facebook on mobile devices, up 23% from last year. We also saw strong growth in our next generation of services with Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp now exceeding 300 million, 700 million, and 800 million MAU, respectively. 
Now, turning to the financials. All of our comparisons are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted. Additionally, our non-GAAP measures exclude stock-based compensation and the amortization of intangibles. Total revenue was $4 billion, up 39%, or 50% on a constant currency basis. Ad revenue was $3.8 billion, up 43%, or 55% on a constant currency basis. The strengthening of the US dollar has continued to have an unfavorable impact on our revenue. Had foreign exchange rates remained constant with Q2 2014 levels, our total revenue this quarter would have been approximately $330 million higher. 
Regionally, we saw strong North American ad revenue growth of 55% in the quarter, and APAC growth also remained strong at 48%. Europe and the rest of the world ad revenue grew more slowly at 30% and 22%, respectively, as currency had a significant negative impact on each of those regions' year-over-year growth rates. 
Mobile was the engine of our revenue growth. Mobile ad revenue in Q2 was $2.9 billion, up 74% from last year, and represents 76% of our advertising revenue. Revenue from ads served on personal computers was down approximately 8%. 
In Q2, the average price per ad increased 220% while total ad impressions declined 55%. Similar to last quarter, these price volume trends were primarily driven by the redesign of our right-hand column ads which rolled out in the third quarter of last year. To a lesser degree the shift of usage towards mobile where we don't have right-hand column ads also contributed to the reported price volume trends. 
Total payments and other fees revenue was $215 million, down 8% compared to last year. The decline was driven by a 19% year-over-year reduction in payments revenue related to games played on personal computers, offset primarily by the addition of other revenue related to acquisitions closed in the second half of 2014. 
Turning now to expenses. Our Q2 total GAAP expenses were $2.8 billion, up 82%, and non-GAAP expenses were $1.8 billion, up 57%. Similar to last quarter, stock-based compensation and amortization expenses related to the WhatsApp acquisition contributed significantly to the year-over-year growth in GAAP expenses. Non-GAAP expenses growth was primarily driven by increases in headcount-related costs, cost of revenue, and marketing expenses. 
We ended the quarter with 10,955 employees, up 52% compared to last year.  With 873 additional employees, Q2 was one of our strongest quarters in terms of hiring, and the majority of the new employees were added in R&D. Our Q2 GAAP operating income was $1.3 billion, representing a 31% operating margin. Non-GAAP operating income was $2.2 billion, representing a 55% margin. Our Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were 44% and 36%, respectively. Q2 GAAP net income was $719 million, or $0.25 per share, and non-GAAP net income was $1.4 billion, or $0.50 per share. In Q2, capital expenditures were $549 million, and we generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow. We ended the quarter with $14.1 billion in cash and investments. 
Turning now to the outlook. Let's start with revenue. Since the first quarter of 2014, we have seen year-over-year advertising revenue growth rates decline each subsequent quarter. We expect this trend to continue in Q3 and Q4 as we continue to grow off a much larger base and face currency headwinds due to the strong dollar. In addition, we expect our total payments and other fees revenues to decline on a year-over-year basis for the remainder of the year. The decline in the second half of the year should be closer to the 19% year-over-year decline we experienced in the payments business alone, as we will be lapping periods in which we added other fees revenue from acquisitions closed in the second half of 2014. 
Turning to expense guidance. Based on our second-quarter results, we are narrowing the expense guidance range for 2015. We now expect the year-over-year growth rate for total 2015 GAAP expenses to be between 55% and 60%, narrowed from the prior range of 55% to 65%. And, we expect the year-over-year growth rate for total 2015 non-GAAP expenses to be between 50% and 55%, narrowed from the prior range of 50% to 60%. We anticipate our 2015 capital expenditures will be in the neighborhood of $2.5 billion to $3 billion, down slightly from the prior range of $2.7 billion to $3.2 billion. 
We continue to expect stock-based compensation in 2015 to be in the range of $3 billion to $3.3 billion, approximately one-half of which is related to our prior acquisitions, most notably, WhatsApp. We expect amortization expenses in 2015 to be approximately $700 million to $800 million. And, lastly, we anticipate our Q3 and full-year 2015 GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates to be consistent with the rates in the second quarter. 
We have had a great first half of the year with solid revenue performance underpinned by healthy community growth across all of our services and regions. We have many exciting opportunities ahead, and we are investing in the talent and resources to capitalize on them as we seek to build long-term shareholder value. 
With that, Operator, let's open up the call for questions.