Question_1:

    Thank you so much. Wanted to come back to your comments on the small and medium size business opportunity at Facebook. Maybe direct a few points to Sheryl to get some comment.
Wanted to understand what some of the opportunities are to continue to demonstrate to those advertisers what the potential is for both Facebook, and maybe even Instagram and Facebook Messenger, long term as platforms to grow their businesses, and sort of also pointing out what some of the measurement tools and operating challenges are to bring people onto the platform. Thank you.

Question_2:

    Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one, Sheryl, you talked about video and kind of increasing the overall video consumption. Could you just talk about where you are in traction with video advertising and kind of the adoption of video ad units and the impact of video in the quarter?
And then secondly, just kind of breaking down the advertising by cohort, could you talk to the strengths of, points of strength or weakness across direct response versus branded advertisers in the quarter? Thanks.

Question_3:

    Thanks for taking the questions. I had a couple for Mark around Messenger. Mark, I was hoping you could talk to us about how you expect to shift user behavior within Messenger to get you users to focus more on businesses versus more personal communications and how you'll make users aware of the capabilities within the platform? And then just secondly, as more bots come on board here and businesses are engaging with Messenger, how do you envision kind of bots and humans working together in terms of providing more customer service? Thanks.

Question_4:

    Great. Thank you. Two questions. So Facebook just opened up instant articles globally to all publishers. Just wondering what you see as a publisher's benefits of joining instant articles and how should we think about the monetization impact in 2016. And then second question, the ad revenue in AIPAC was much better than we thought, just any more color on the drivers there. Thank you.

Question_5:

    Great. Thank you. I was just wondering if you could share with us, how do you see Instagram's ramp impacting Facebook's ad growth in 2016 or if there's any color you could share with us about kind of how that's been ramping. And also, if you could share with us how advertisers are viewing the platform, are you finding that it's typically more additive to their Facebook spending, or are they funding it with existing Facebook budgets? Thank you.

Question_6:

    Question for Mark. There's been some concerns about traffic to publishers and sharing levels on Facebook. I was just wonder if you could talk about core Facebook engagement, what's really working, are you concerned at all about that, and then when you think about the ad loads, are you comfortable with where they're at? Is there still a lot of room to go? And then maybe last one, if you were to ever leave Facebook, what would happen to your voting shares? Thank you.

Question_7:

    Mark, when you're thinking about acquisitions broadly, in what area do you think Facebook needs to buy versus build? So basically where do you need external help? And then on VR, just a few quick questions. Any update on the shipping delay, how many units shipped in the quarter and expectations for the year, and then also on VR, understanding I know it's very, very early but beyond games and entertainment, what verticals do you expect to be first to utilize VR and AR? Thanks.

Question_8:

    Thanks a lot. First one for Sheryl, I think. Wondering if you could update us on the progress you're seeing with Fan. You gave some metrics in Q4. It seemed like that advertisers were really adopting that platform and seeing a lot of additional reach, maybe you if you could tell us how that's going, and then I think a couple more on the tax rate. We saw it step down quite a bit in Q1, but you're guiding for flat sequentially.
Should we think about that as a run rate or are you still attempting to manage your tax rate down even further than where you saw in Q1 and we were expecting for Q2? And then on the OpEx guide, 41% non-GAAP growth in Q1, obviously below your range but you maintain the range. Why is that? Is that just purely a function of the comps as you head into the year, or are there some specific kind of investment plans that you have? Thanks.

Question_9:

    Hello, this is actually Ben on for Collin. This one's for Mark. You had already talked about the AI and machine learning applications with respect to Messenger and bots, but was wondering what are some of the more nascent initiatives where you're applying machine learning or maybe where we might see those investments manifest themselves in the user experience over the next few years?

Question_10:

    Hello. I have kind of a high level longer term question. But for brands, we're seeing where promotion, transaction and support capabilities for businesses are all deepening within Facebook.
Therefore, should we be thinking about a longer term transition from the platform that's basically all ad to something where more marketplace capability is offered, given that buyers and both sellers are so known and so connected. And if so can we think about Facebook starting to monetize maybe on a transaction basis or even through various customer support capabilities, via the Messaging tools, AI, et cetera, that you're beginning to offer businesses? So maybe you could just kind of provide a little bit of color on how you how you see that evolution, that would be great. Thank you.

Question_11:

    Great. So I guess a question for Mark or Sheryl. So at F8, you showcased a bunch of new features for Messenger, including ads to promote your business inside of Messenger. So how should we think about the timing of those ad units coming on in Messenger, and can you use the same ad stack and the Facebook power editor that's used on core Facebook and Instagram to get ads up on messenger, can you just walk us through that?
And then the second question on messaging, so with WhatsApp crossing 1 billion users recently, how do you view the product road map today on WhatsApp versus what you showcased recently with messenger? Is it a year behind or is it further back than that? Any color there would be helpful. Thanks.

Question_12:

    Thanks a lot. I have one for Sheryl and one for Mark. Sheryl, there are many out there who might have assumed that this leg of excellent growth that Facebook is realizing might have come at the expense of TV advertising, but the TV ad world seems to be quite resilient here and you actually talked a lot in your prepared remarks about how marketers benefit from running digital and TV campaigns in parallel.
So I wonder if you could just comment on where your share gains are coming from in your view. And then Mark on live video, I realize this is a small part of overall video, but I wonder do you think multiple platforms can succeed in live streaming over time, given the size of the market longer term, or do you think it's more of a network effect business where a vast majority of the traffic and economics will ultimately accrue to the leader in the live streaming space? Thank you.

