Question_1:

    First, a very quickie. Did you mention what NPLs you sold during the quarter? And if there was any P&L impact?

Question_2:

    No problem. I'm curious, I think we've all taken note of the responsible growth, what you've done, heard your comments on it relative to the economy. I'm curious, as we watch the industry loan growth come down for a bunch of different reasons, can B of A continue on this path? I don't want to say irregardless of what the industry backdrop is, but can it buck the trend of the declining loan growth that we're seeing in most other places?

Question_3:

    Okay. Maybe on the credit front. As you've mentioned, credit's awesome in most places, and I saw criticized credit came down with energy improving. Are there any areas that are criticized credits increasing, like something like retail?

Question_4:

    Okay, last little one. Zelle -- you mentioned the increase in Zelle activity. Do you make money on that? Or is that mostly a customer retention tool?

Question_5:

    Paul, just a clarification regarding the second quarter framework you provided for net interest income. Does the $150 million potential bump, based on the disclosures, include the benefit of loan growth? Or was that just the rate impact? And could it be a little better if loan growth continues?

Question_6:

    Got it, got it. So that's incremental to the 1Q print. Okay. And then can you remind us what kind of deposit repricing beta you assume in the disclosures, Paul?

Question_7:

    Okay, and a separate question on capital. With the CET1 at 11% now versus the 2019 requirement of 9.5%, what kind of buffers are you thinking of holding? And what level of CET1 feels right -- like, the right target for you, longer term?

Question_8:

    So just wanted to kick things off with a question on the 2018 expense target of $53 billion that you guys had outlined on previous calls. Can you just remind us what the revenue growth assumptions were underlying that target? And just given some of the acceleration that we've seen in fee income growth and the higher incentive comp, is that still an achievable target in your view?

Question_9:

    Got it, and then just one question on the provision outlook. Just given the continued favorable credit and delinquency trends, how should we be thinking about the trajectory in the near term? Is a run rate of, I guess, around $850 million, plus or minus, a reasonable target?

Question_10:

    And just one final question on capital return, just touching on John's last question. How should we be thinking about the capital return trajectory given the 150 basis points of excess? And I'm also wondering whether some of the recent rhetoric from the regulators suggesting a disinclination of sorts to have a qualitative CCAR failure, whether that informs your approach at all in terms of future payouts.

Question_11:

    Just first clarification, just coming back to the NII commentary, does the $150 million also incorporate the extra day you get in the second quarter? Because that's usually pretty meaningful for you guys.

Question_12:

    Okay. So you've got -- you're saying you got a benefit in the first and that kind of washes to the second. So really, your net is the $150 million?

Question_13:

    Understood. Okay, great. So on the consumer fee side, I wanted to just ask, we saw kind of a little bit of a positive turn in both card income and also in the brokerage line, which is the first time in a while we've seen both of those move the right way. Any better line of sight at this point on just the trends getting better underneath the surface? Whether it's the rewards competition or the fee capture pressures in brokerage kind of starting to get into the run rate, and we can kind of expect to see growth from here?

Question_14:

    And can you just touch on brokerage?

Question_15:

    Wealth and brokerage.

Question_16:

    A couple of questions. One on the expense discussion earlier. On Page 4, you highlighted very clearly the strong operating leverage that you've got year-over-year from the various industries, various segments that you run. The question I have is, where should we expect the next leg of improvement on expenses could come from? Because one of the questions I've gotten from people today is this is fantastic operating leverage, but where are the levers to take it further?

Question_17:

    Okay. So that speaks to why you can continue the revenue growth but yet still bring these expenses down. Got it. Two other quick ones. One on fixed income. You mentioned that credit was a source of strength this quarter. Others have highlighted credit as a weakness. So maybe you could speak to what you're seeing in your client base that drove such a strong credit quarter in FICC.

Question_18:

    Okay. And then lastly, you mentioned on the call during the prepared remarks that you "remain mindful of the LCR rules as we grow deposits". Could you elaborate on your thoughts behind that?

Question_19:

    Brian, when you look out longer term, I mean, if you turn back the clock when the industry, before the financial crisis, typically earned 120 on assets -- or 130 basis points on assets, kind of a more normal interest rate environment, what do you see for the long -- and I know ROE is what you focus on, and we all do. But from an ROA standpoint, when everything's going right for Bank of America, your expenses are where you want them to be, the margins are where you want them to be, what kind of ROA do you think this company is capable of producing?

Question_20:

    Right. Okay. And speaking of the lever on the equity, can you remind us what the risk-weighted assets are now for the operational risk for you guys?

Question_21:

    Very good. And then coming back to the combined payout ratio that you guys are striving for, within that, what should we envision for -- once you get your capital levels to the point where you're very comfortable with, is the dividend payout ratio of 30% to 40% a reasonable expectation down the road when things more normalize?

Question_22:

    Got it. But something, Paul, just circling back to your comments about the FICC -- the strength in FICC, the client activity was strong, can you give us some color on the clients? Was it primarily investment clients or hedge -- or pension funds, hedge funds? What type of clients did you see that strength in the activity?

Question_23:

    Brian, thank you for batting clean-up and not Lead-off. It made it a lot easier for all of us today.

Question_24:

    A couple of questions. First, can you comment on the sustainability, broadly, of your returns in your markets and banking businesses? 15% return on allocated equity in markets, 18% banking despite the fact that you increased your capital allocation there. Obviously, if you can sustain those kinds of returns, it goes a long way towards helping you hit your 12% ROTCE targets on a sustainable basis. So just can you comment broadly on how confident you are to -- in your ability to, say, hit sort of mid-teen returns in those businesses?

Question_25:

    Okay, that's helpful. Yes?

Question_26:

    Yes, no. That's helpful. So I mean, obviously one of the things that's been helpful for returns in banking is a very benign credit environment. Commercial charge-offs were 10 basis points this quarter, it hasn't really moved much in recent quarters. But how do you -- how should we think about more of a sustainable level? And is there anything there that makes you think that you could start to see some sort of inflection or some sort of an uptick in terms of credit costs?

Question_27:

    Yes, exactly. On commercial.

Question_28:

    Great. Yes, I just had a quick question. I remember you saying that both the business -- or the commercial customers and consumer customers were optimistic still. But did you see a change in that optimism over the course of the quarter? I mean, did it end lower at the end of the quarter given what was going on with D.C. and everything else? Or was it fairly consistent?

Question_29:

    I just wanted to follow-up on the net interest income one more time. I mean, it feels like the 2Q expectation is a little bit less, certainly versus what I would have thought. And I guess I'm trying to figure out if it's just some conservatism on the deposit repricing assumption. You talk about 50%, but it's been really insignificant so far for the Fed hikes. So I'm trying to gauge, is it conservatism on that? Is it the fact that 10-year has obviously come in a fair amount? Or some combination of both, maybe?

Question_30:

    Okay, understood. And then just the impact of long-term rates. I mean, obviously, the comment you made on rate leverages for higher rates and your 75% lever on the short end, as we think about the decline here in long rates, if it holds, how [ frame ] kind of the drag on that. And I think it bleeds in over time, obviously, not all at once.

Question_31:

    Yes, no. That's very clear and very helpful.

Question_32:

    Two technical issues on the kind of net interest margin, NII. When you look at the big benefit in net interest margin, it seems like you had several things, like the hedge ineffectiveness and leasing, that pushed the margin up. And even though you can have NII growth, your margin may even kind of just flatten out. Was there kind of a bias towards the margin just being a little bit higher, given some of those moving pieces this particular quarter?

Question_33:

    And I was just focusing on the margin in the sense that just like it was rounded up because the things that are going to help next quarter are going to help NII, which may not help the margin. But then the second question was when you look at your transfer pricing mechanism, was curious because it doesn't seem like a lot of banks would have the benefit from rates showing up in corporate other. Is your mechanism, where it's still spreads some of that -- because that will matter on operating leverage for the business segments. So are the segments going to benefit as rates go up more than corporate? It does seem like it's spread out more than other banks.

Question_34:

    It is. It just seems like you've got a good methodology to push it to the segments, which is helping operating leverage in each of those segments as you're getting that benefit

Question_35:

    Another NII question, actually. I'm just trying to understand the mechanics of how your guidance in 4Q for a $6 billion uplift in NII, a 400 basis point shock, has come down to about $3.3 billion there. If I understand correctly, the long end has increased, so that reduces your guidance going forward. Is that the way to think about it?

Question_36:

    What I've got difficulty understanding is why a past movement in your long rates should affect your future guidance going forward. So if I think about it hypothetically, let's say the yield curve did actually go up by 100 basis point shock in the fourth quarter, then your guidance going forward would actually be 0, based on the way you view it. Is that the way to think about it? Or am I missing it?

Question_37:

    No, absolutely. I can see that. Just trying to see how that moves depending on the shape of the -- the shift in the curve.

