Answer_1:

    I can start with the ad load question, Doug. So, ad load is definitely up significantly from where we were a couple of years ago. And, as I mentioned, it's one of the factors driving an increase in inventory. Really, one thing to think about here is that improving the quality and the relevance of the ads has enabled us to show more of them, without harming the experience. And, our focus really remains on the experience. So, we'll continue to monitor engagement and sentiment very carefully. I mentioned that we expect the factors that drove the performance in 2015 to continue to drive the performance in 2016.  So, yes, I think that's the color I can give on ad load.

Answer_2:

    On messenger, the platform efforts in 2015 focused on two things. One was expanding the different types of content that people can share in messenger. And, that diversity is going really well. We see continued increase in video sharing and photos and stickers and a lot of stuff that you would just call fun, but that people really enjoy as different ways to express themselves. 
But, in terms of the business, the more important piece is how people can interact with businesses through messenger. And, we started some early small tests around F8 last year, where with some eCommerce services made it so that people who were buying things could follow up with the business and get customer support and buy more things, and we went through this process of integrating that and making sure that it integrated with all of these systems well. And, I think everyone is really happy with that so far. We started off pretty slowly, but that's going to be some of the basis for how we look to make messenger a business going forward. We're happy with the initial results. There's obviously a lot more there that we need to do, and we'll have more to talk about this year and beyond.

Answer_3:

    John, it's Dave. Just on that question, we're not commenting specifically on Q1. We didn't see anything in Q4 that indicated broad-based macro weakness, beyond, of course, the impact that FX was having, which was pretty significant. We saw the impact in places like Brazil where you've got a currency headwind of over 30%. So, you're certainly seeing that impact it. And, obviously, those sort of global macroeconomic and currency factors will continue to impact us. 
We're obviously benefiting from a strong secular shift to usage of mobile, and we feel we're very well positioned in that. We're seeing more and more advertisers move to mobile. They realize that it's no longer a question of whether they need to be on mobile, but it's really how they are going to be on mobile. And, we think we've got the best solution for that, and we're investing to make it even better. So, I think from a secular trend point of view, we're very well positioned.  But, obviously, we'll continue to monitor the macro conditions in currency.

Answer_4:

    When we introduce ads into feed and continue to increase the ad load, we monitor really carefully. We're looking at user engagement on the platform. We also look at the quality of ads. And, our basic belief is that if we have high-quality ads, those create a good consumer experience, and we can look at what consumers are doing because we can understand how actively engaged they are on the platform. 
For Instagram, we don't break out revenue. Instagram -- and we're pleased with the growth on Instagram.  And, as I mentioned, 98 of our top 100 advertisers on Facebook are now advertising on Instagram.  It's also the case that Facebook had remarkably strong growth as well.  So, we're seeing strong growth across those platforms. I think what's exciting about both platforms is that they combine the art and the science of both a creative canvas that marketers are excited about and targeting. So, to share another example from the holiday, Shutterfly did a Facebook and Instagram -- both a brand and direct response holiday campaign on mobile. And, what they did was just beautiful pictures, but also targeting very specifically to women with specific interests, such as things like weddings and babies. They saw a 6.4 times return on ad spend. We think that's what's possible when you combine the creative canvas we have, using the technology and using the platform that we've created.

Answer_5:

    I'll take the Oculus one first. Yes, I am happy. I don't show much joy, but I'm happy. Sorry. It's going to be gaming for the beginning. That's the initial market. There are about -- I think it's around 250 million people who have Xboxes, PlayStations, or Wiis. That's the initial market of folks who we think are going to be most interested in the early VR experiences, especially at some of the higher price points. But, overall, the reason why we're interested in this as a social company is that we think that this is going to be a new way that people interact, right? And, if you've tried out the toy box demo with the hands, Oculus Touch, what you see is when you're in virtual reality with another person and you can interact with the environment and use your hands, you can -- it's not just about where you are and the fact that you can instantaneously teleport to another place. You can interact with people in all of these different ways that would be very difficult in the rest of the world. So, we're very excited about that. That's going to be a big area of investment for us, and is ultimately, I think, going to change the way that we communicate and live and work in addition to how we play games. But, I think we're off to a good start.

Answer_6:

    On the Instagram question.  Certainly in the short run, some of the spend is incremental, and some of it isn't. Some of our clients approach this where they have a social budget or a Facebook budget, and some of that moves to Instagram. And, some people, it's incremental spend. 
In the medium to long run, however, we believe that we are really well positioned to take share from other platforms out there. We believe both Facebook and Instagram have this combination of an ability to do great creative with the best targeting and the most sophisticated measurement, which shows businesses how we help them move products off shelves. And, we want -- and we tell our clients we want to be the best dollar, the best euro, the best pound, and the best minute you spend. We really encourage them to measure their ROI and compare us to other platforms. We think that comparison bodes very well for our growth. 
We also think the continued consumer shift to mobile devices bodes well for our growth as well. That said, we have to continue to execute. We know this won't be easy. We have to continue to build the right products. We have to continue to measure all the way through from seeing an ad impression to sale. So, it's up to us to stay focused in the coming year and years.

Answer_7:

    So, on the apps question, the ones that have done the best are things that augment the core Facebook functionality for large subsets of the community. For example, we have this pages manager app. There are 50 million businesses that have pages on Facebook, and while that is not a huge number compared to the size of the overall community of people, it's a very large number of people and businesses. And, giving a focused experience for the person who wants to run their business through Facebook and be communicating with their customers all day long, that's just proven to be an incredibly engaging experience that drives content into the system and is good overall. We have introduced a number of things like that for public figures, for groups. Messenger has probably been the most successful as something that's connected to the Facebook experience that now has more than 800 million people using it. So, I do think that there are additional opportunities for this. And, we'll continue looking at them.

Answer_8:

    So, Ben, just following up on VR and supply constraints.  We have two products -- the [you've got gear] VR, and Samsung is really handling all of that from a hardware perspective, and obviously, they are well prepared on that front. With rift, it's really -- it's early in the evolution of VR. It's early to be talking about large volume, so at this point, I don't think we're giving a lot of color around supply chain and that sort of thing. It's not going to be material to our financials this year.

Answer_9:

    I think our approach in increasing monetization around the world is really the same. We need to build really compelling ad products with great formats that let marketers be creative and be convincing. I'll share an example of something we did for an emerging market. I mentioned briefly in my remarks slide show.  The slide show product is enabled a video-like experience with phones with lower connection speeds than feature phones by a series of photos. So, Coca-Cola used that in Kenya and Nigeria. They took screen shots of a video ad they had produced for other markets. They uploaded them with texts. They reached 2 million people with a 10-point lift in ad awareness.  The way we need to drive sales around the world is by understanding markets, launching things like click to missed call ads in India and making sure our products work for markets, but also being able to connect to both advertising metrics and business metrics around the world. 
Video ads are important on our platform and the most important thing that's growing well there is consumer engagement with videos growing. We have 500 million people watching video a day. And, the fact that so much video is being consumed on our platform gives us room for an ads business to grow because we want the formats to match. Marketers also really love video, and it's a really compelling way to reach people. 
And, videos contributing to our growth -- it's important to note that it's not just large brand advertisers that are doing video, but all of our market segments. Direct response, [SMBs] who have uploaded 1.5 million videos, and that's both organic and paid in the last month, and developers. The video ad spend is not all incremental, of course, because every time we put an ad in a newsfeed, if it's a video ad, it's taking the place of an ad with another format. 
In terms of learnings, one of the most important learnings we have is that video formats are different on Facebook. There are certainly people that are watching the whole 30-second video ad with sound, but there are some people that are doing less.  They are watching shorter formats, and they are watching with sound. And, one of the challenges we have in the market is convincing marketers and agencies and people that make the video to experiment with different formats. 
The good news is that we're getting great results, like the Halo 5 example I shared in my remarks.  That when people are willing to experiment, this is a pretty unique, creative canvas. You can do short form with sound off.  You can do longer form with sound on, and everything in between.  And, our ability to persuade marketers to experiment is going to be a major driver of how much we can do here.

Answer_10:

    In terms of monetizing time spent, it's certainly the case that consumers have shifted to mobile, and businesses need to catch up. The exact percentage we can monetize that, we'll see. But, we certainly think that we will continue to benefit from the consumer shift to mobile because businesses are behind. If you ask even our largest clients, our largest clients if they drew a pie chart of where their consumers spend their time and money and [whether] they spend their time and money, we are still underindexed. 
That said, I'll say it again, we have a lot of hard work to do. We really need to prove to clients, particularly as they scale and we become a bigger part of their spend, that we're driving results. Other platforms, other forms of advertising, like TV and other, have very established metrics that people have believed for a very long time. We think our targeting can be better than any other platform. We also believe our ability to measure results can be deeper. But, it's up to us to prove that and to prove that client-to-client. 
It's also worth noting that we work really well with TV. It's not always a choice of TV or Facebook, but often, we can be a complement. We've done a bunch of work with Nielsen to measure what happens when marketers do big TV campaigns and do campaigns that are broadly targeted on Facebook. And, we are able to increase the reach and increase brand favorability. So for the most part, when people are doing big campaigns, they are doing them across multiple platforms, and we think that will continue.

Answer_11:

    Justin, on time spent, there's no question that video is helping us on time spent and engagement. We're not -- you won't have any specific stats other than the hours per day -- sorry, time spent per day that Mark mentioned on video. So, no updates on stats there other than that. 
In terms of our long-term margins, we're not managing the business to a specific margin target in any year. We still think we're early in investing in the business. And, we're really investing in new areas today where we see a long-term opportunity for revenue growth. That being said, there -- we do think there's a lot of margin potential in this business, given the focus on advertising. But, no target at this point.

Answer_12:

    In terms of video content, newsfeed is as interesting as the quality of the content in it. What we're seeing is that users are generating a lot of really high-quality content, often pretty short form that people are really happy to consume. And, we believe that trend will continue because we're at the very beginning with people really understanding the power of the smartphones that a lot of people are walking around with, particularly in developed markets. 
We are working with publishers to try to make the content experience better inside of newsfeed. The best example of that is probably news with instant articles where we figured out that it was the slowest upload experience you could have in newsfeed to link off to an outside articles.  So, we've worked with publishers to upload more news articles natively to Facebook, and we're seeing great engagement from that. 
Similarly, we've had conversations with makers of premium content. I think they are excited by the work they already do with us to use Facebook to distribute their content. And, we're interested in doing more. It's probably worth noting that much of the engagement and consumption we have is short form, not long form.

Answer_13:

    Anthony, it's Dave. Instagram -- we're certainly very pleased with the performance of Instagram, and it's certainly made a contribution this quarter. Make no mistake, core Facebook is really driving the top line.  We're very pleased with the strong performance that we had with Facebook itself in the quarter.

Answer_14:

    Sure. So, reactions is going to roll out on every platform. We're testing it in a handful of countries to start, just to make sure that we have the UI and interaction simple enough that people could express more of what they wanted without getting in their way. It is adding a little bit of complexity to something that is very simple today, just a one-tap like button. 
But, the philosophy behind it is that when you only have a like button, if you share a sad piece of content or something that makes you angry, people may not have the tool to react to it and therefore over time the community feels less comfortable sharing that kind of content on Facebook. And, we want people to be able to share all of the things that are meaningful to them, not just the things that are happy and that people are going to like when they see it. We think that that's just really important to the mission of the Company and will increase engagement and sharing and openness and all of the things that we care about. And, so far, I think there are a few tweaks that we needed to make to reactions since initially testing it, but it's going well.  I think we plan to roll it out everywhere pretty soon. So, that's the game plan there. 
On payments, the basic strategy that we have is to make it, especially in products like messenger, that where the business interaction may be a bit more transactional, to take all the friction out of making the transactions that you need. So, we don't view ourselves as a payments business. That's not the type of Company that we are. We'll partner with everyone who does payments. We look at the stuff that Apple is doing with Apple Pay, for example, which is a really neat innovation in the space that takes a lot of friction out of transactions as well. And, our view is that the less friction, the better the user experience.  The more people can easily interact with the businesses that they care about. Ultimately for our business, that will drive up the amount that businesses are willing to pay to advertise to send people into those kind of interactions because they perform well. So, it's good for everyone, but that's kind of how we think about that.

Answer_15:

    Fourth quarter is a holiday quarter, so our top verticals were eCommerce, CPG, and retail. Our growth is really broad-based. And, I think it really shows how important the targeting can be. What we've definitely done over the last year and plan to invest even more in over the next year is worked hard on vertical-specific targeting. So, for example, for the telecom industry, being able to target existing consumers with new consumers with people who are -- their voice plan or data plan is about to expire. With the auto industry, really important industry for growth for us, helping them figure out who their current customers are, who their potential customers are, and where are the audience segments out there who have similar likes, interests, backgrounds, demographics to their current customers so that they can serve the right ad to the right people. The kind of things we're able to do with targeting and measurement apply across industries and obviously have to be industry and vertical-specific, and we're working hard at that.

Answer_16:

    In terms of the elections, it's important to note that we're large and diversified, so no one vertical drives our business. Yes, the 2016 election is a big deal in terms of ad spend. But, so is the World Cup. So, is Super Bowl every year. So are events like the Olympics. 
We are excited about the kind of targeting we're able to offer for our ads platform. We believe we have precision that doesn't exist on any other platforms. So, for example, using Facebook and Instagram ads, you can target by congressional district, you can target by interest, you can target by demographics, or any combination of those. And, we're seeing politicians at all levels really take advantage of that targeting. 
It's also probably worth saying that we're pretty excited about what's happening with the elections organically on Facebook. Facebook is really the new town hall and connecting the people who are running for office, both at the national and the local level with people directly has been really important. Every member of congress in the United States is now on Facebook. We're seeing some of them post every vote and explain why they are doing votes. We're seeing a bunch of the candidates for president get on Facebook themselves and interact, taking questions from their potential voters directly. And, we think that kind of direct engagement where people can hold their elected officials accountable, and elected officials can speak directly to constituents is a really important part of our mission, and we're excited about the 2016 election and what's happening there.

Answer_17:

    I'll answer the other one. In terms of the story that you said, I think you have it wrong. I don't know where you got that story from. I never had a conversation with the team where we were behind on mobile, and then I said we need to do this to make money. That's not really how we operate. What happened is we realized that mobile was growing faster than desktop and that people were shifting their usage. And, it was the more important thing for people's consumer experience. That's when we made the shift, not in our business first, but in how we developed products. And, I told all of our product teams when they come in for reviews, really just come in with mobile. If you come in and you try to show me a desktop product, then I'm going to kick you out. You have to come in and show me a mobile product. 
And that, I think, was just as a crude leadership tactic, somewhat effective in helping to motivate the organization to shift its energy towards focusing on mobile. But, it was -- if you remember, we actually went through a pretty tough period because we went through this period where our mobile experience was not as good as we wanted it to be.  And, we had no ads on mobile, and we actually prioritized making the mobile experience good before putting ads in. So, there was a long time where people thought that our business might not be as good because we had no ads on mobile. And, that was because we always prioritized the experience for people above, even if it's going to be a painful thing for the Company. 
That's how I think about messaging. We know that messaging is going to be increasingly important. That's why we went out and hired David Marcus, who is one of the best product leaders in the field to run messenger, and why we bought WhatsApp, which is the leading messaging product worldwide. And, we have a formula for how we build these businesses. 
First, you build a great consumer experience, right, that helps people share in a new way that's really important. Then, after that, you can start to introduce organic ways that people can interact with businesses. So that -- and Facebook is pages. The businesses that people want to interact with, the public figures, the politicians. Not necessarily ads, but organic interactions around not necessarily just your friends and families, but more public figures and businesses. And then, only once you have that ramped up to a good scale can you really start dialing up advertising, having that feel good and be a good part of the experience with good content because all of those public figures and businesses are already participating in the platform at scale. 
So, you can expect to see that playbook in Instagram where we're pretty far along in terms of having quite a mature public content ecosystem, and ads are ramping well with good, high-quality ads because a lot of public figures and businesses are already investing and creating that kind of good content that goes on Instagram. And, you're going to see the same playbook in messenger and WhatsApp, in terms of making it so there are organic businesses and public figures. There's a bit more of that on WhatsApp already in terms of businesses using it than on messenger. We are catching up on messenger, but we'll do that on both. Once we have those ecosystems built out, we'll build businesses around them. And, that's how we think about stuff. We'll do that in all of our products and the different things that we do going forward.

Answer_18:

    Operator, looks like we have time for one last question.

Answer_19:

    On the sport stadium, this is an early test, but we're pretty excited about it. We are the largest community of sports fans in the world. We have 650 million sports fans on our platform. And, people are already using Facebook to share during realtime events.  It's an increasingly important use case for us. This gives people a place to share that one event and participate in it. I think what you'll see from us is always a focus on driving users and driving engagement. This is one way to do it. We'll see how it works. We're pretty open to experimentation. So, we feel -- but we feel pretty confident that realtime sharing is an increasingly important part of the platform, and one we'll continue to invest in.

Answer_20:

    And, Paul, it's Dave. I think that question is really around FX and how it relates on the revenue side versus the costs side. And, on that front, we're -- substantial majority of our expenses are US dollar-based, so certainly we see an impact to margins with FX headwinds. So, that's just the reality of having most of our development resources, for instance, in the US. Beyond that, we don't do geographic cost breakouts and allocations. It's not how we run the business. But, certainly from an FX point of view, FX headwinds have a dampening effect on margins.

Answer_21:

    All right. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time. And, we look forward to speaking with you again.

