
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Facebook's fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me today to discuss our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO, Sheryl Sandberg, COO, and Dave Wehner, CFO.
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release, and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
During this call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investor.fb.com. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.

Thanks, Deborah, and thanks everyone for joining today. This was another good quarter, and a good end to 2016. Our community continues to grow, and now with nearly 1.9 billion people using Facebook every month, and more than 1.2 billion people using it every day. We've seen continued growth in engagement on our platform, and our ad business is doing well too. Total revenue grew by 51% year-over-year to $8.8 billion, and advertising revenue is up 53% to $8.6 billion.
Facebook stands for connecting people, and creating a global community, [in] 2016, more people than ever made their voices heard. We saw billions of conversations about everything from important elections, to the Olympics, to breaking news stories around the world. And more people are taking advantage of new tools to connect and share on our family of apps, especially with video.
2016 was also a year that reinforced the importance of connecting the world. Today is the five year anniversary of the day we filed to go public. In our letter to potential shareholders I wrote that, there's a huge need and a huge opportunity to get everyone in the world connected, to give everyone a voice, and to help transform society for the future. I believe that now more than ever, and as the largest global community, I see our responsibility as very important, and we'll continue to focus on doing everything we can to bring the world closer together.
I want to give you an update on our progress over our 3, 5 and 10 year time horizon, with a particular focus on what we're going to be doing over the next few years. I said before that I see video as a mega trend, on the same order as mobile. That's why we're going to keep putting video first, across our family of apps, and making it easier for people to capture and share video in new ways. To make it easier to find and watch videos, we've added a tab at the bottom of the Facebook app, with top videos and recommendations. We've already rolled the tab out to everyone in the US, and we're planning to bring it to more countries soon.
We're also improving live video as more people use it. New Year's Eve was our biggest live moment ever, with more people going live than at any other time since we launched the product. We're experimenting with live 360 video, audio-only live for people with slower connections, and live face masks and more camera effects. And we'll have more updates.
Finally, we're looking for ways to grow the ecosystem of video content on Facebook. We want people to think of Facebook as a place for interesting and relevant video content, from professional creators as well as their friends. Last year, we started to invest in more original video content to help the seed ecosystem, and we're planning to do more in 2017.
We're also focused on building a more informed community. We see Facebook as a community, and ourselves, our role is supporting that community. We don't write the news that you read, but we want to be a place where people can access information, have meaningful conversations, and this is a responsibility that we take very seriously.
In the past, we've taken steps to reduce spam and click-bait, and now we're approaching misinformation and hoaxes the same way. In Q4, we started working with third-party fact checkers in the US to flag disputed stories, and make them less likely to appear in news. We made it easier to report and identify misinformation, and we're working to build stronger ties between Facebook and the news industry.
Our primary goal here is to do the right thing for our community. If we can help people stay informed, and make Facebook a better place to understand what's going on in the world, then we think that's going to make our community stronger, and a more positive force for good for the world. So that's the three year update.
Over the next five years, we're going to keep building ecosystems around our apps, that a lot of people are already using. Growth and engagement on Instagram has been strong. We announced in December, that Instagram now has over 600 million monthly actives, and recently passed 400 million daily active. Instagram Stories reached 150 million daily active, just five months after the launch. And we've added new features like Boomerang and Live into Stories, and I'm excited to see that continue to grow.
Our messaging services are making good progress as well. In Q4, Messenger launched a new camera, a group video chat for up to 50 people, and games. 400 million people now use voice and video chat on Messenger every month.
WhatsApp is growing quickly too. We recently reached 1.2 billion monthly active, and more than 50 billion messages are sent through WhatsApp every day. In the last quarter, we also added the ability to make video calls in the app.
Over the next 10 years, we're going to continue to invest in these platforms and technologies that give more people a voice, and make sharing even more [immersive]. Through our efforts with internet.org, we have now connected more than 50 million people to the internet. And in November, our Connectivity Lab set a world record by transmitting 20 gigabits per second over 13 kilometers using the same amount of power that it takes to light a single light bulb.
Ultimately, this technology is going to make it into the solar-powered planes that we're building to beam internet to parts of the world that aren't connected. On artificial intelligence, we developed a new technique called style transfer that uses AI to study a painting and then can take your photos and videos, and draw them in that style in real-time on your phone. And if you post on Facebook, looking for a place to eat or suggestions for where to go, we can now use AI to understand the text of your post, and understand what you're asking, and [surface] recommendations from the comment.
We're still early in our 10 year plans for virtual reality, but we've made some good progress. In December, we shipped our touch controllers, and the community response has been very positive. Samsung announced that they've now shipped more than 5 million Gear VRs, and we're bringing more social experiences to VR with apps like Oculus Rift for Gear VR. We're going to keep making big investments in VR content, and I'm excited about what's coming in 2017, from new games to more immersive educational experience.
As I said in our call last quarter, we're going to continue to invest in hire and aggressively, to help improve our product, but also to build the infrastructure that will help us grow in the future. A few weeks ago, I visited our newest data center in Fort Worth, Texas. It's going to be the biggest data center we built, powered by 100% renewable energy. And it's a great example of the investments that we're making to help us serve our community even better.
So we've made some good progress, but we have a lot more to do to help bring the world together. I want to thank our community, our teams, our partners, and all you for being a part of this journey with us. Now here's Sheryl.

Thanks, Mark, and hi, everyone. We had a strong fourth quarter, capping off a great 2016. Q4 ad revenue grew 53%. Mobile ad revenue reached $7.2 billion, up [61]% year-over-year, and was approximately 84% of total ad revenue.
Our growth this quarter was broad-based across all regions, marketer segments and verticals. We're really excited to announce today that [65] million businesses are using our free pages products, and 5 million are using Instagram business profiles. More and more of these businesses are becoming advertisers, with over 4 million advertising on Facebook, and over 500,000 on Instagram. As a result, our revenue base is becoming more diverse.
In Q4, our top 100 advertisers represented less than a quarter of our ad revenue, which is a decline from Q4 last year. We continue to focus on our three priorities, capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers using our ad products, and making our ads more relevant and effective.
First, capitalizing on the shift to mobile. In Q4, we saw consumers use mobile for more of their holiday shopping. [Contour] found that mobile drove over $1 billion in total Cyber Monday sales for the first time ever.
Marketers are increasingly seeing mobile as the opportunity it is. In 2016, we saw more marketers prioritizing mobile, and especially mobile video. People consume video differently on mobile, so the best marketers are optimizing their creative.
For example, Hershey's used Facebook Live and video ads for the launch of their Cookie Layer Crunch. They optimized their video ads to grab attention in the few seconds, and used captions for people who were viewing without sound. Nielsen Brand effects measured an 11 point lift in brand awareness, and a 20 point lift in ad recall.
We are helping more businesses connect with more people on mobile, both on Facebook and off. Last month, we announced that advertisers can reach over 1 billion people a month on the audience network.
Our second priority is growing the number of marketers using our ad products. It's clear that businesses of all sizes are using our platforms to reach customers. Two weeks ago, I visited Holzconnection, a family-run furniture-maker in Berlin.
When competition increased several years ago, the owner worried that he might have to close stores. His son joined the family business, and convinced his father to market on Facebook. Holzconnection didn't change anything about their traditional craft, just the way they reached customers.
Since then, they've opened five new locations both domestic and internationally. We want to help more small businesses grow. So we invited companies including Holzonnection to participate in small business councils around the world.
We continue to invest in making our free and paid products easier to use, expanding our online tutorials, and offering creative tools for businesses of all sizes. For example, the owners of Distinctive Gardens, a gardening center in Illinois, watched one of our online tutorials, and then used their mobile phone to shoot a holiday-themed video ad, sorry, a holiday themed video. They sold out their holiday inventory.
Our third priority is making our ads more relevant and effective. Our goal is to drive value for our clients. As we grow the diversity of businesses on our platform, we've invested in building ad products that meet a broad set of objectives, from building brands, to moving product off shelves, online and in stores. To make our ad products as relevant and effective as possible, we're increasingly tailoring them by vertical.
In 2016, we invested in dynamic ads, which allow advertisers to automatically promote products from their entire catalog. We expanded dynamic ads across Facebook, Instagram, and the audience network and tailored them for verticals like travel and retail. Dynamic ads for travel enables businesses to show ads based on dates and destinations people are interested in, while dynamic ads for retail show people the products available at nearby locations in real time.
Last month we introduced dynamic ads for broad audiences to help businesses reach new customers based on their interest on Facebook and online behavior. We're going to continue to work on building effective ad products, improving the value they drive.
We know that measurement is important to building advertiser trust. Last year, we discovered several metric issues, and while no billable metrics were affected, we took action to fix the errors, and reviewed all of our metrics. We also expanded our partnership with third-parties, given the important role they play in verification. We're going to continue to invest in measurement, including third-party partnerships in the upcoming year.
We believe our strong 2016 is because of the value we drove for businesses on our platform. We're inspired by the entrepreneurs we work with, like the owners of Holzconnection and Distinctive Gardens, and we're grateful for the opportunity to help them reach customers, grow their businesses, and hire more people.
With only a small fraction of the businesses on Facebook and Instagram advertising, we know we have a lot of opportunity and hard work ahead. In 2017, we'll stay focused on helping businesses of all sizes reach customers around the world and grow. Thanks. And now here's Dave.

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. 2016 was another year of strong, profitable growth, and we continued to invest in building our business for the long-term. Full year 2016 revenue was $27.6 billion and grew 54%, or 56% on a constant currency basis, and we generated over $10 billion in GAAP net income.
Let's start with our community metrics. In December, 1.23 billion people used Facebook on an average day, up 189 million or 18% compared to last year. 1.86 billion people used Facebook during the month of December, up 269 million or 17% compared to last year. In addition to our ongoing internet.org and Android product efforts, we benefited from an increase in third-party promotional free data plans in Asia and the rest of world.
Mobile continues to drive our growth, with 1.15 billion people accessing Facebook on mobile on an average day in December, up 212 million or 23% compared to last year. Given that the vast majority of monthly and daily usage now occurs on mobile devices, my comments will focus on total MAU and DAU beginning next quarter, and we do not plan to include mobile and mobile-only usage breakdowns in our supplemental investor materials after this quarter.
Turning now to the financials. My prepared remarks will focus on our GAAP results unless otherwise noted. As I have noted before, we focus on GAAP results because stock-based compensation plays an important role in how employees are compensated in our business and industry more broadly, and we view it as a real expense.
Q4 total revenue was $8.8 billion, up 51%. Q4 ad revenue was $8.6 billion, up 53%, or 54% on a constant currency basis. Mobile ad revenue was $7.2 billion, up [61]% and represented approximately 84% of total ad revenue. Desktop ad revenue grew 22% despite a decline in desktop usage, helped by our efforts to limit the impact of ad blockers on advertisements served on personal computers.
The same supply and demand factors we have discussed in the past continue to drive our mobile ads revenue. On the demand side, we continued to improve our targeting, measurement and ad formats to drive strong results for marketers. As Sheryl mentioned, these efforts are working for an increasingly broad set of advertisers.
On the supply side, growth in users, time spent in ad load also contributed to our strong results. In Q4, the average price per ad increased 3%, and the total number of ad impressions served increased 49%, driven primarily by mobile feed ads on Facebook and Instagram.
Payments and other fees revenue was $180 million, down 12%. Q4 total expenses were $4.2 billion, up 29%. We ended the year with approximately 17,000 employees, up 34% compared to last year, and an increase from the 31% growth rate last quarter. Q4 operating income was $4.6 billion, representing a 52% margin. Our tax rate was 21%.
Note that our tax rate reflects our early adoption of a new accounting standard, ASU 2016-9. Under this standard, the tax benefit related to the difference between the vesting price and the grant price of our RSU is now reflected in our income tax provision, whereas previously it was reflected as an adjustment to equity. This is purely an accounting convention change, and does not change the cash taxes we pay. Excluding the impact of this new standard, our Q4 GAAP tax rate would have been approximately 26%, and in line with the guidance we provided on the Q3 call.
Net income was $3.6 billion or $1.21 per share. Full year 2016 capital expenditures were approximately $4.5 billion, up 78%, as we continue to invest to support the rapid growth of the business around the world. Over the course of 2016, we expanded four of our existing data centers, and began construction of four new data centers.
In 2016, we generated over $11.6 billion in free cash flow, and ended the year with $29.4 billion in cash and investments. Also note, that the new accounting standard changed how we present operating cash flow, and free cash flow, and the free cash flow calculation. In the past we treated the excess tax benefit as a financing cash flow item, and thus was not included in either cash flow metric.
Adoption of this standard also resulted in a retrospective adjustment to certain 2016 quarterly financial line items. For more detail on these adjustments, please refer to the supplemental earnings slide available on our investor website.
Turning now to the outlook. First, on revenue, the outlook is unchanged. Consistent with my comments on the Q3 call, we continue to expect that our ad revenue growth rate will come down meaningfully in 2017. The factors driving this expectation remain the same. We also expect that our full year 2017 payments and other fees revenue will decline, compared to full year 2016.
Second, on expenses. Consistent with what I said last quarter, we expect that 2017 will be an aggressive investment year. We saw hiring growth accelerate in Q4, and we plan to accelerate hiring further in 2017 from the 34% growth rate. In addition to headcount, we expect to increase investments in R&D, content, sales and marketing, and other areas as we execute on our near-, medium- and long-term priorities.
We expect that full year 2017 total GAAP expenses will grow 40% to 50% compared to the full year 2016. We anticipate that full year 2017 share-based compensation expenses will be in the range of $3.9 billion to $4.1 billion, approximately $1.3 billion of which is related to acquisitions, most notably WhatsApp. We also expect full year 2017 amortization expenses to be approximately $700 million to $800 million.
Accordingly, on a non-GAAP basis, we would expect total expenses to grow approximately 47% to 57% compared to the full year 2016. We anticipate our expense growth rates will increase over the course of the year. We expect our full year 2017 capital expenditures will be in the range of $7 billion to $7.5 billion, as we fund the expansion of data center capacity, and office facilities to support the continued rapid growth of our business.
Turning now to tax. At current stock prices, we expect that our full year 2017 GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates will be 1 to 2 percentage points lower than our respective 2016 tax rates. Let me note two additional factors with the new standard. First, our tax rate will vary based on stock price. And secondly, we anticipate the tax rate will start lower in Q1, and then trend up throughout the year.
Before wrapping up, as a reminder, in the fourth quarter our Board of Directors authorized a $6 billion stock repurchase program beginning in 2017, with no fixed expiration date. Our main priority is to invest aggressively to grow the business, while maintaining a strong cash position. At this time, the Company's strong balance sheet and financial performance puts us in a position to make opportunistic repurchases of our common stock from time to time, to help offset the dilution incurred through equity issuance.
To conclude, 2016 was a strong year for Facebook in terms of community growth, engagement, product innovation and the growth of our advertising business. We believe we have significant opportunities ahead of us as we invest in our mission to make the world more open and connected. With that, operator, let's open up the call for questions.