
Thank you. Good morning. Thanks to everybody for joining us this morning for the first quarter 2017 results. Hopefully, everybody's had a chance to review our earnings release documents that were available on our website.
Before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul, let me remind you we may make some forward-looking statements. For further information on those, please refer to either our earnings release documents, our website or our SEC filings.
With that, I'm pleased to turn it over to Brian Moynihan, our Chairman and CEO, for some opening comments before Paul Donofrio, our CFO, goes through the details. Take it away, Brian.

Thank you, Lee, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter results. 
I'm going to begin on Slide 2, and first, this quarter is another solid example of driving responsible growth at Bank of America. My teammates continue to deliver for customers around the world, and not many companies have the resources we have to help our clients drive the global economy. 
But with that, we understand responsibility comes with doing this, and we do it in a responsible way. Responsible growth is driving more sustainable returns for you as shareholders, also. This quarter, we produced strong revenue growth. We drove cost savings that offset higher revenue-related cost, and we managed risk well, and we returned more capital to you, our shareholders, through dividends and increased repurchase of shares, than any period since the crisis. 
Turning to Slide 3. Our company produced earnings of $4.9 billion after tax in the first quarter of 2017. Those earnings were up 40% compared to the first quarter of last year, driven by 700 basis points of operating leverage. Revenue rose 7%, and we managed to keep overall expenses flat. 
Our earnings per share were $0.41 per share. On a diluted basis, that was up 46%. This is the fourth quarter in a row we've exceeded $0.40 of EPS per share. We did that in quarter 1 despite $1.4 billion of annual retirement-eligible incentives and seasonally elevated payroll tax costs. And importantly, we have done this in a responsible manner, not reaching for growth outside of our established risk and customer framework, and we achieved this in an economy which continues to grow in the 1.5% to 2% range. 
On a year-over-year basis, our average deposits were up over $58 billion. Average loans were up $21 billion, and sales and traded revenues, excluding DVA, were up 23% with better client activity. We saw $29 billion in long-term asset under management flows this quarter within our wealth management business. Asset quality remains strong with a provision expense of $835 million. Net charge-offs were down 13% from the first quarter of 2016 but were modestly up from the fourth quarter of '16 as expected from the normal seasonality, especially in consumer credit cards. 
Regarding progress against long-term metrics, the first task the company had many years ago was to become stabilized, then it was to reduce our legacy costs and simplify the place, and then we drove towards sustainability of our results. Once results became more sustainable, we pushed towards generating return on tangible common equity above our cost of capital. We've now shown that we have a return on tangible common equity in the double digits the last 4 quarters. And keep in mind that we have been doing this while our capital continues to build. The next step is to push that towards our 12% target.
This quarter, our return on tangible common equity was 10%, where our return on assets was 88 basis points. These are reported numbers. The efficiency ratio was 67%. These figures reflect solid progress in this quarter against our long-term targets but are even closer if you were to allocate the seasonal aspects of the retirement-eligible compensation costs and elevated payroll tax expenses across the years as just opposed to putting it all in the first quarter. 
And even though quarter 1 is typically a good capital markets quarter for us, if you just spread those costs, you'll see that across all the quarters, the metrics this quarter would have been reflecting an efficiency ratio of nearer 62%, a return on assets nearly 100 basis points and a return on tangible common equity of 12%. So simply put, we're getting there. 
On Slide 4, as I mentioned, the key to profit building in this environment is to drive good core customer growth and revenue while controlling our costs to drive operating leverage. We have established record for the past -- we have an established record for the past several years of producing quarterly operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. 
This quarter, you can see on the Slide 4, that our revenue growth on a year-over-year basis across each of our business segments. We're also able to hold the expenses overall in the company flat through the careful management of cost. As you can see in this slide, that's 700 basis points of operate leverage for the total company. 
Some of our businesses, like our consumer business, have been driving operating leverage consistently for many years in a row now. Some, like our Global Banking business, are using operating leverage to drive the company to the best line of business efficiency ratio among our businesses. Other businesses continue to have leverage opportunities that are becoming more clear. This is the case in our wealth management or our Global Markets businesses. 
As we turn to Slide 5, you can see the line of business results. Each business improved their efficiency ratios. Each line of business reported returns well above the firm's cost of capital. 
Consumer Banking continued its strong performance and transformation, produced $1.9 billion in after-tax earnings this quarter, growing 7%. And on a pretax, pre-provision basis, PPNR, which excludes the prior year's sizable reserve release, the PPNR was up 17% year-over-year. The efficiency ratio in this business was down 500 basis points to 53%. 
Global Wealth and Investment Management improved earnings 4%, earning $770 million after tax, improving its profit margin to 27%. This is a new record for the business. 
Our Global Banking business produced a record revenue quarter led by strong Investment Banking results, and that generated $1.7 billion in after-tax earnings. It remains our most efficient operating business at 44%. 
Lastly, our Global Markets business earned $1.3 billion in after-tax earnings, generating a 15% return on its allocated capital. Improved performance in sales and trading revenue combined with strong expense discipline that drove those results. 
Our Other category shows a loss, driven mostly by the $1 billion in first quarter FAS 123 costs and related personnel taxes, which gets allocated across the business segments throughout the year. But the reduction in losses year-over-year was driven by improved operating costs in the company and lower litigation expense. 
As you'll see from the slides Paul will walk you through later, our businesses have important leadership positions across the board. We believe they have room to grow both market share by deepening relationships with existing customers and by winning customers from the competition. 
Overall, I'm pleased with the results this quarter. We grew the top line, we grew the bottom line, and we did it the right way, all while making significant investments in people, technology and more capabilities for our customers. And all that will bode well for future growth. 
While many of you might focus on rates and our leverage to rising rates, note that the $1.5 billion in year-over-year revenue growth is split 40% for NII, which is driven by rates and by also the growth in loan and deposit balances, and the other 60% was driven through noninterest revenue. 
As you know, we remain focused on things we know we can control and drive. We maintained our discipline on both expenses and pricing. Our rates paid has remained steady at 9 basis points on deposits while, at the same time, we have grown those deposits 5% year-over-year or $58 billion. 
On lending activity, there's been a lot of discussion regarding a slowdown. In our core middle market business, representing a broad base of American companies, our business loans grew 7% year-over-year. In our smallest -- smaller business segments, business banking and small business, we were up 3%. And small business had the best production quarter in its history. 
We assisted our markets clients with their financing needs, which also put capital in the system for economic growth. All this growth occurred in a sub-2% GDP growth environment. Our clients stand ready, they're engaged, and they're ready to grow faster as the economy continues to grow and improve. 
Now let me turn it over to Paul to talk -- go through the other details about the quarter. Paul?

Thanks, Brian. I will start with the balance sheet on Page 6. Overall, end-of-period assets increased $60 billion from Q4. The growth was fairly evenly split between 2 elements: First, we saw higher trading-related assets in Global Markets business with incremental customer activity following a seasonal slowdown at the end of Q4; secondly, we had higher cash levels driven by seasonal deposit growth, primarily from tax refunds. 
Deposits rose $55 billion or 5% from Q1 '16 and are up $11 billion from Q4. Q1 deposit growth was primarily driven by customer tax refunds in our consumer business. Loans on an end-of-period basis were steady with Q4 as solid commercial growth was offset by seasonal declines in credit card and runoff of legacy noncore loans. 
Lastly, common equity increased $1.3 billion compared to Q4 as $4.4 billion in net income available to common was reduced by $3 billion and capital returned to shareholders through dividends and net share repurchases. 
Global liquidity sources increased in the quarter, driven by higher deposit flows and bank funding. We remain well compliant with fully phased-in U.S. LCR requirements. Book value per share rose 5% from Q1 '16 to $24.36. 
Turning to regulatory metrics and focusing on the advanced approach. Our CET1 transition ratio under Basel III ended the quarter at 11%. On a fully phased-in basis compared to Q4 the CET1 ratio improved 20 basis points to 11% and remains well above our 2019 requirement of 9.5%. 
CET1 capital increased $1.6 billion to $164 billion, driven by earnings and the utilization of deferred tax assets offset by return of capital. The ratio also benefited from an $11 billion -- excuse me, a $14 billion decline in RWA, driven by lower exposure in our Global Markets business, lower card exposure and legacy asset runoff. 
We also provide our capital metrics under the standardized approach, which remains relevant for CCAR comparison purposes. Here, our CET1 ratio is 10 basis points higher at 11.6%. Supplementing leverage ratios both for parent and bank continued to exceed U.S. regulatory minimums that take effect in 2018. 
Turning to Slide 7 and on an average basis. Total loans were up $21 billion or 2% from Q1 '16. Loan growth in our business segments was primarily offset by continued runoff in noncore Consumer Real Estate loans in All Other. Year-over-year loans in All Other were down $23 billion. On the other hand, loans in our business segments were up $44 billion or 6%. 
Consumer Banking led with 8% growth. We continue to see good growth in residential mortgages although our originations slowed in Q1 '17, given the increase in mortgage rates in Q4 and Q1. We saw growth in credit card and vehicle loans. Home equity pay-downs continue to outpace originations. 
In wealth management, we saw a year-over-year growth of 7%, driven by residential mortgages. Global Banking loans were up 4% year-over-year. Loans in our commercial business grew 6% year-over-year despite a slight reduction in commercial real estate. We think these growth rates are responsible, given the economy grew around 2% year-over-year. 
Middle market revolver utilization rates have now climbed back to record levels. On the bottom of the chart, note the $58 billion, 5% year-over-year growth in average deposits, which is driven by 10% growth in Consumer Banking. 
Turning to asset quality on Slide 8. The stability of our asset quality and loss trends reflects many years now of disciplined client selection and strong underwriting practices that are foundational to our responsible growth and through-the-cycle performance. 
Credit quality remains strong. Total net charge-offs of $934 million or 42 basis points on average loans increased slightly from Q4 due to expected seasonality in our credit card products but were down 13% from Q1 '16. Provision expense of $835 million rose $61 million from Q4 but was down $162 million from Q1 '16. 
Net reserve releases in the quarter of $99 million was fairly consistent with Q4 and the year-ago quarter. Note that Q1 '16 included a significant increase in reserves in Global Banking for energy exposures. That was mostly offset by releases in consumer reserves in that quarter. 
Our reserve coverage ratios -- excuse me, our reserve coverage remains strong with an allowance-to-loan ratio of 125 basis points and a coverage level 3x our annualized charge-offs. NPLs and reservable criticized exposure both declined notably. 
On Slide 9, we break out credit quality metrics for both our consumer and commercial portfolios. On the consumer chart, you can see the impact of the seasonal increase in credit card losses. Note that delinquency trends remain low and improved modestly from Q4. Commercial losses continue to be low. 
Turning to Slide 10. Net interest income on a GAAP non-FTE basis was $11.1 billion, $11.3 billion on an FTE basis. NII improved $730 million from Q4, primarily due to higher rates. The net interest yield increased 16 basis points to 2.39% from Q4 as loan yields improved 17% while the rates we paid on deposits was flat at 9 basis points. 
Q4 and Q1 increases in long-end interest rates resulted in slower prepaids and less premium amortization on our securities portfolio this quarter. Increases in the short end in terms of interest rates caused our variable rate assets to reprice higher while we maintain good pricing discipline on deposits. We also benefited from normal seasonality in Q1 in our leasing business. 
And in addition, we benefited from less unfavorable hedge ineffectiveness as compared to Q4. But one can think of the reduction in the hedge ineffectiveness as roughly offset by 2 fewer days in the quarter. 
Now as Brian mentioned, we remain disciplined around deposit pricing given the investment we have made in customer relationships through Preferred Rewards and other deepening activities. 
So your natural next question is what should shareholders expect for Q2 with respect to NII given the March rate hike by the Fed? Based on our models and assumptions, we believe NII should continue to improve, but the improvement is expected to be much more modest than Q4 to Q1 driven by a number of factors, most notably, the increase in long-term rates in Q1 -- in Q4 and Q1 drove a significant portion of the Q1 improvement. 
In terms of Q2, think about it this way. Given where we are today, with the Fed funds rate hike in March and the long end down since the end of the first quarter, I would focus you on our asset sensitivity disclosures. 
As of 3/31, an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in rates is estimated to increase NII by $3.3 billion over the subsequent 12 months, which is consistent with our position at year end. Nearly 3/4 or $2.5 billion of this modeling is driven by our sensitivity to short-end rates. Given a 1-month LIBOR rise of about 25 basis points with the March hike and the long end down, we should focus on the $2.5 billion short-end benefit. Dividing that by 4 gets you a quarterly run rate of roughly $600 million for a 100 basis point shock. Assuming it's only 25 basis points instead of 100 would get you to approximately $150 million benefit in the quarter. 
From there, we would expect continued modest growth in NII in the second half of 2017 assuming modest growth in loans and deposits and rates at least above where they are today. 
Turning to Slide 11. Noninterest expense was $14.8 billion. We were able to hold expense flat compared to Q1 '16 despite 9% growth in noninterest income and several other expense headwinds. The efficiency ratio improved 400 basis points year-over-year. And if you allocate Q1's $1.4 billion of incentive for retirement-eligible employees and the seasonally elevated payroll tax across all 4 quarters, then the efficiency ratio would be 62%. 
Our company-wide simplification efforts and the $110 million in lower litigation costs offset a number of higher expenses year-over-year, including: $150 million of higher incentives for annual retirement-eligible employees and seasonally elevated payroll taxes; $190 million of higher incentives associated with the revenue growth across wealth management, Global Banking and Global Markets; and $160 million of higher expenses due to changes in our share price with respect to accounting for employee stock-based awards. The year-over-year swing is caused by the share price decline in Q1 '16 compared to an increase in Q1 '17. We also had $100 million in higher quarterly costs for FDIC assessments. Finally, note that employees are down 2% from Q1 '16, and we continue to add client-facing associates. 
Turning to the business segments and starting with Consumer Banking on Slide 12. Consumer Banking had another solid quarter. This segment produced $1.9 billion in earnings, growing 7% year-over-year and returning 21% on allocated capital. Note that, that 21% return is on $37 billion of allocated capital, which is an increase of $3 billion this quarter given growth in their loans and deposits. 
On a pretax pre-provision basis, which adjusts for the sizable release of reserves in Q1 '16, earnings rose $559 million or 17%. Year-over-year, average loans grew 8%, average deposits grew 10% and Merrill Edge brokerage assets grew 21%. That drove revenue growth of 5% led by a 9% increase in NII from Q1 '16. 
Note that the rate paid on deposits in this business declined 1% -- excuse me, declined 1 basis point year-over-year to 3 basis points as a result of disciplined pricing. Noninterest income included improvements in service charges and a small increase in card income that was more than offset by a decline in mortgage banking income. The decline in mortgage banking income was due to both lower volumes from less refinancings as well as our strategy of holding more of our production on our balance sheet versus selling it to the agencies. 
Through continued efforts to drive down costs, the efficiency ratio improved nearly 500 basis points to 53%. Cost reductions also helped drive the cost of deposits down 10 basis points from Q1 '16. Consumer Banking credit quality remains solid, with the net charge-off ratio declining 4 basis points to 121 basis points. 
Turning to Slide 13 and looking at key trends. First, as usual, in the upper left, the stats are a reminder of our strong competitive position; second, as we point out each quarter, while we report NII and noninterest income separately, our strategy remains focused on relationship deepening and growing total revenue while improving operating leverage through expense discipline. 
So as you review the top boxes on this page, note that we drove 8% operating leverage this quarter. Also, note that our relationship deepening is improving NII and balance growth while holding the fee lines flat as we reward customers for doing more business with us. 
Average deposits continued their strong growth, up $57 billion or 10% year-over-year, outpacing the industry. Importantly, 50% of these deposits are checking accounts, and we estimate that 89% of these checking accounts are the primary accounts of households. This means these are operational accounts used to pay mortgages and car payments and other bills. So outflows chasing rates is less likely in our view. We also believe these deposit accounts offer clients significant value in terms of transparency, convenience and safety, which also means they are less likely to move their relationships. 
With respect to card, spending levels and new issuances were solid. However, the industry's trend of increasing rewards continues to mitigate our overall card revenue growth. Digitalization and other productivity improvements, as well as lower fraud costs, continue to lead expenses lower. 
Expenses declined 3% from Q1 '16 despite increases in the FDIC assessment rate and charges. Focusing on client balances on the bottom left, you can see the success we continue to have growing deposits, loans and brokerage assets. 
Merrill Edge continues to attract customers who want a self-service investment option as accounts are up 11% from Q1 '16. We now have more than 1.7 million households that leverage our financial solution advisers and self-directed investment platform. This quarter also included the successful rollout of Merrill Edge Guided Investing for clients who want some advice from our CAO office but don't desire a fully advised relationship. 
With respect to loans, residential mortgages continued to lead our growth. As expected, the sudden rise in long-term rates in late 2016 caused a noticeable decline in mortgage production from Q1. While mortgage originations was down, we continue to hold more of our loans on the balance sheet. In Q1, we retained about 80% of first-mortgage production on the balance sheet. We believe retaining these mortgages will provide better economics over time, plus retention deepens our relationship with these customers. 
Consumer vehicle lending remains solid, up 12% year-over-year, and we continue to remain focused on prime and superprime borrowers. Our net charge-offs at 38 basis points remain not only low, but also lowest among peers. U.S. consumer card average balances grew 3% year-over-year, and spending on our credit cards was up 8% compared to Q1 '16. 
Turning to Slide 14. We remain a leader in digital banking and we continue to see momentum in digital banking adoption. Given the rollout of Zelle this quarter, Bank of America customers can now use their online app to transfer money, request money and split bills person-to-person with more ease than before. While still in its infancy, customers sent $8 billion in payments through our person-to-person apps in Q1, which is up 25% year-over-year. 
Importantly, as digital banking adoption rises, particularly around transaction processing and self-service, we expect to see continued improved efficiency and customer satisfaction. Mobile devices now account for 1 out of every 5 deposit transactions and represent the volume of nearly 1,000 financial centers. Sales on digital devices continue to grow and now represent 22% of total sales. 
Still, with all the digital activity, we have not forgotten and remain focused on the 800,000 people walking into our financial centers across the U.S. on a daily basis. Many of these customers still use our branches to transact, but many others use our branches as financial destinations, where they can learn more about products and services, work face to face with a specialized professional and generally improve their financial lives. We want to encourage that, and that's why we have an extensive branch refurbishing underway. By the way, that's also helping increase customer satisfaction. 
We're also building new centers in markets where we have never had financial centers but where we have presence across Global Banking, wealth management or both. These markets include MSAs like Denver, Minneapolis and Indianapolis. 
In addition, we are testing smart centers, which utilize video-assist -- video-assisted ATMs and other very [ useful ] conferencing capabilities in regions where it makes sense. 
Turning to Slide 15. Let's review Global Wealth and Investment Management, which produced earnings of $770 million and record pretax operating margin of 27% while returning 22% on allocated capital. These solid results were produced in a period of change for the industry as firms and clients anticipate new fiduciary standards and other market dynamics, such as the shift between active and passive investing. 
Net interest income rose 3%, driven by loan growth. Year-over-year, noninterest income also rose 3% as 8% higher asset management fees were partially offset by lower transactional revenue. Year-over-year, while total revenue grew 3%, expenses grew 2%, creating an important but modest operating leverage. Also note the $29 billion of long-term AUM flows this quarter, reflecting strong client activity as well as the continuing shift from IRA brokerage to AUM. 
Moving to Slide 16. We continue to see overall solid client engagement. Client balances climbed to nearly $2.6 trillion, driven by higher market values, solid long-term AUM flows and continued loan growth. Average deposits of $257 billion were flat compared to Q4 while ending deposits were down, primarily reflecting some movement to investment assets. Average loans of $148 billion were up 7% year-over-year. Loan growth remains concentrated in Consumer Real Estate. 
Turning to Slide 17. Global Banking had record revenue this quarter, up 11% year-over-year led by Investment Banking activity. Revenue growth, coupled with expense management, improved the efficiency ratio 500 basis points to 44%. 
In addition, provision expense of $17 million in Q1 '17 was more closely aligned with charge-offs while Q1 '16 included approximately $500 million in reserve increases for energy exposure. This resulted in a 58% year-over-year improvement in earnings to $1.7 billion. 
Global Banking continues to drive loan growth within its risk and client frameworks, albeit at a slower pace. Total Investment Banking fees for the company were $1.6 billion, which was up 37% from Q1 '16. By comparison, overall industry fee pools were up 19% year-over-year. 
A number of items to note given the strong performance. First, this was a record Q1 in terms of revenue from IB fees. Client underwriting activity in the capital markets was quite strong. We also earned record M&A fees this quarter with involvement in 6 of the top 10 completed transactions. 
Debt underwriting was up 38% year-over-year led by strong performance in leveraged finance. Equity underwriting was up 65% year-over-year. Expenses decreased from Q1 '16 despite higher revenue-related incentives, higher FDIC insurance costs and costs associated with adding 340 new relationship managers over the past couple of years. 
Return on allocated capital increased 18% -- excuse me, increased to 18% despite adding $3 billion of allocated capital this quarter. 
Looking at trends on Slide 18 and comparing to Q1 last year. Average loans were up $14 billion or 4%. Growth was driven by our commercial bank, where lending was up 6% despite subdued real estate lending. As Brian said, we feel good about this growth rate given 2% GDP environment. We stand ready to support clients who want to borrow directly from us or tap the capital markets. One of the benefits of our universal banking model is our ability to deliver for clients across a complete product set and geographies. 
Average deposits increased 2% from Q1 '16. As expected, we saw a seasonal decline in deposits from Q4. We remain mindful of the LCR rules as we grow deposits. 
Switching to Global Markets on Slide 19. The business had a strong quarter, which once again benefited from the breadth of our product and geographic footprint with leadership positions in a number of areas. This quarter saw strong issuer activity and tighter spreads across credit products, which played well to our strength in mortgage and corporate credit. The business improved operating leverage with revenue, excluding DVA, growing 27%, while expenses increased modestly after adjusting for litigation recovery in Q1 '16. 
Global Markets earned $1.3 billion and returned 15% on allocated capital. This includes a reduction of capital of $2 billion given the great work the team has done optimizing the balance sheet and reducing RWA in the past year. It is worth noting that we achieved these results with a lower VaR and 6% fewer people than last year. With respect to expenses, Q1 '16 litigation included a sizable litigation recovery. Excluding litigation, year-over-year expenses were up 2% while revenue grew 19%. 
Moving to trends on Slide 20 and focusing on the components of our sales and trading performance. Sales and trading revenue of $4 billion, excluding net DVA, was up 23% from Q1 '16. Excluding net DVA and versus Q1 '16, FICC sales and trading of $2.9 billion increased 29%. Within FICC, the year-over-year improvement was driven by improved client activity in corporate credit and mortgage products. Equity sales and trading was up 7% year-over-year to $1.1 billion despite weaker cash equity volumes. We saw increased activity in Europe and Asia across all products. We also are beginning to see the benefits of deploying additional balance sheet to meet the financing needs of clients. 
On Slide 21, we show All Other, which reported a net loss of $834 million. This was an improvement from Q1 '16, driven by lower litigation and mortgage servicing costs. The only other thing worth pointing out here is a reminder that this is where we book the annual retirement-eligible incentive and elevated Q1 payroll tax before they get allocated out to the line of business throughout the year. 
The effective tax rate for the quarter was 26% and included approximately $200 million of tax benefit from the deductions on deliveries of share-based awards exceeding the related compensation costs. A recent change in accounting rules requires booking this difference to the tax income expense instead of directly to equity. The effective tax rate would have been 29.4% excluding this benefit, which is in line with our expectation of approximately 30% for the rest of the year. 
Okay. A few points -- a few summary points as I wrap up. This quarter shows the value of our businesses as rates begin to rise and as we experience increased capital markets activity. For years, we have stayed focused on growing responsibly, including staying within our risk and client frameworks and making our growth more sustainable by simplifying the company and improving efficiency. 
In Q1, consistent with this strategy, we stuck to our strong underwriting standards while growing loans and trading assets. Asset quality remains strong and net charge-offs low. We grew deposits while managing deposit rate paid. We grew AUM while helping clients adapt to a changing industry. When client activity picked up, we were ready with a breadth of capabilities to raise capital and manage risk in major markets all around the world. We continue to invest in new technology and capabilities while adding sales professionals in certain businesses. We lowered non-personnel expenses, offsetting some seasonal and other expense headwinds this quarter. We created operating leverage in each of our business segments. And we returned more capital to shareholders than in any quarter since the financial crisis. 
These results tell us that responsible growth is working, with more to come as the economy continues to improve. Many of you have been waiting patiently for us to approach our long-term targets. I hope you noted that if one allocates annual retirement-eligible incentives and seasonally elevated payroll tax throughout the year, we are basically at our return targets this quarter. We know we have more work to do to be consistently achieving all our targets, but we have more confidence than ever that responsible growth will get us there. 
With that, we'll open it up to Q&A.