Answer_1:

    Sure. So assuming some loan growth and adjusting for day count, we would expect normalized NII excluding market related adjustments to be flat to grind up as long as rates don't decline in the future. In the fourth quarter, we think they will grind up slightly based upon the realization of the expected forward curve and some loan growth.

Answer_2:

    If you just look at commercial loans year-over-year up 10%, last quarter up 3%, so you've got to annualize that out and what we are looking at is that we replaced discretionary assets with actually good core assets so whether the balance sheet grows a little bit or not is not as critical as the assets. So it is probably driven in the near-term more by mix than aggregate size growth on a GAAP basis.

Answer_3:

    Sure, so the short answer to your question but then I would like to elaborate a little more is yes, we kept core expenses flat and we absorbed CCAR and other CCAR expenses and other investments in the business in the quarter.
To take a step back, I think the way we would ask you to think about expenses is we are seeing good expense progress within our business importantly as we continue to invest in the future. So core expenses which for everybody excludes litigation and LAS are expected to remain relatively flat at call it a little less than $13 billion per quarter in a moderately improving business environment as we invest in growth and use SIM and other initiatives to offset inflationary pressures.
If the business environment slows, we would have to adjust. If the business environment gets better, we are going to use SIM and other efforts to improve the operating leverage of this Company even as incentives and other expenses increase.

Answer_4:

    So, John, I would remind everybody that we did guide you that we would have increased CCAR expenses in the second half of the year so we do have a little bit of that in the fourth quarter as well.

Answer_5:

    So, John, just so you think about it from a headcount perspective because that is what is going to drive our 60% people cost down. For the quarter we were down about 1.5. In that, we actually had an increase in client facing headcount in the quarter up 1.6 so basically we were able to achieve a reduction while we continued to invest. On top of that, the risk in CCAR FTE count was up about 400 for the quarter and other business hiring especially the new kids from school were up about 1000. So through attrition and then through other reductions we got that down to net 1.5.
So if you follow that course, last quarter we were down 3000 or so and that was 15 quarters in a row or something like that. We are down a little less this quarter which is expected to be a similar pickup next quarter. So the 12.7 we did in the second quarter remember was a surprise to all of you. We called it flat this quarter which I think exceeds what our expectations were. We are laser focused on keeping it at that kind of level while we continue to invest in 1000+ people to go generate the business growth you are starting to see.

Answer_6:

    I would expect to see provision in 2016 roughly where it is today.

Answer_7:

    Yes, because we are going to get a little help. John, if you look at it, you've still got a little excess mortgage charge-offs going through card continues to work its way down because of this period of credit quality and the question on the commercial side is bouncing around, gets lumpy. But you look at the reserve release, we are down to 100 so think of that sort of 800 to 900 range a quarter and I think that is a way to think about it over the next several quarters.

Answer_8:

    Sure. I think the answer is we just sold for lack of a better word, sold some lower yielding assets that we used to grow our business end markets and we positioned them to higher yielding assets. So as an example, we would do a little bit less in prime brokerage and a little bit more in fixed income where some  worths and yields are higher.

Answer_9:

    By core do you mean loan growth in the business segments or for the consolidated Company?

Answer_10:

    So we grew loans as a consolidated company year-over-year by 1%. It was up slightly quarter over quarter. I would expect that we would be able to continue to grow the whole Company in the sort of, in that range. You are going to see faster growth in the core lending businesses, we grew that year-over-year 9%. I am not going to stand here and tell you that we are going to do that every quarter but we would expect to see more robust growth in our lending segments.
You have to remember that in LAS home-equity loans are still coming down and in the discretionary portfolio even though we are not going to have $6 billion as much as $6 billion in LTSE conversions, we still are going to see first mortgages run off there.

Answer_11:

    In terms of running off yields, Betsy, versus the coming on yield?

Answer_12:

    It is relatively stable.

Answer_13:

    Our portfolio has been priced down over the years and so it is relatively stable.

Answer_14:

    Why don't I start with CCAR and then maybe Brian will speak to some management. So in terms of CCAR, we submitted our resubmission on September 30 as planned. That has the involvement of the leadership of the Company and the Board, significantly involved within the line of business we tried to keep the regulators involved and up to speed every step of the way and they have until 75 days after that submission to get back to us.

Answer_15:

    In terms of the change three months ago we told you that we were making the changes, nothing has changed in that Terry continues to work on the CCAR process, Terry Laughlin and Andrea has moved over as Chief Administrative Officer and been heavy in the process from the day that we announced it and that transition will continue to take place over the period of time between now and the next CCAR submission in 2016.

Answer_16:

    I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks that our criticized assets were up modestly if you sort of dive into the oil and gas segment. And remember last quarter we increased criticized assets about $1 billion because of oil and gas. This quarter we saw that increase decline significantly to about 40% of that level and then be offset by improvements in the rest of the portfolio. So we saw a modest increase in criticized assets. We feel pretty good right now where we are with oil and gas. As you know, clients are going through the redetermination process.

Answer_17:

    I think the answer is yes, higher in the structure and a lot of the risk is distributed out to investors and things like that. The Company has had reserve base methodologies have hedges involved and it is more complex I think than oil price changes. So I think as you look at it, our lending portfolio is done consistent with our credit quality standards and had held pretty well under the significant change in revenue from oil price changes.

Answer_18:

    And large corporates, we are just dealing with larger companies that have a lot of different options and in middle-market as Brian said, a lot of that lending is secure.
If you look at our overall energy portfolio, we are at about 22-ish and really only about 40% of that really isn't tied. Of course everything in that sector is tied in some way to oil and gas but 40% of that is not really directly tied to the price of oil and gas. So when you start just working through the numbers and you whittle that down and then you whittle it down for the number of loans that we have where we have reserves, it gets to something I think that is manageable.

Answer_19:

    We generally don't comment on our issuance plans. I guess the only guidance I would give you is we are going to try to have preferred that is roughly 1.5% of Tier 1 capital and sub debt that is roughly 2%. And in terms of TLAC, we don't know what the rules are yet. We may have to issue a little bit more debt. But based upon what we are hearing at least from a sort of rumor perspective, it looks to be quite manageable.

Answer_20:

    Technically quarter to quarter there were some hedges that went from a deduct to a benefit or the other way around that changed that rate. So I wouldn't think that the underlying rates haven't changed much is the way to think about it. There is just a hedge cost and a hedge benefit that came through that increased the spread.

Answer_21:

    Or you were referring to the decline to the yield, sorry.

Answer_22:

    Remember we are focused on -- in the Consumer business on two things that we have been consistently focused on. We are making loans to our customers in connection with the whole franchise. And then secondly, we are staying in the very prime orientation. So as you think about this quarter, home equity production was $3 billion-ish which was kind of consistent with other quarters. It has grown from $1 billion up to $3 billion across the last couple of years and been very consistent.
As Paul said earlier, mortgages tipped down a little bit but year-over-year they are up strong, a little bit of seasonality in there and a little bit of refi runoff. Our auto lending business is still was strong. The direct to consumer piece of that we didn't have two, three years ago. We are up to $0.5 billion a quarter production so we are seeing good demand but part of it is just capturing that inherent client share, wallet share that we have been after and you are seeing that materialize.
The other key honestly in terms of nominal growth for us is the runoff non-core part that has gotten small enough over the last couple of years that we can overcome it. So the only place we still have that hole from a corporate perspective is really the home equity business. So we have resized the card business and you are seeing all the hard work, the 1.3 million cards producing some loans even though it is a huge payment rate on that.
You are seeing the auto lending business, both direct to consumer and then what we do with dealers and stuff strong and stable, and you saw the car sales numbers strong. And you are seeing the Consumer Real Estate strong from the home-equity production and I think solid.
When you go over to GWIN, you saw loan growth there between US Trust and what we call structured lending, but don't think of it that way. It is lending -- as well as assets and then also in the margin lending was fairly stable. I talked to John . We haven't seen a big change in our margin lending. A lot of people think investors have lowered their risk and stakes have been relatively stable across the last few months.

Answer_23:

    We always manage the balance sheet against all the different constraints whether you can see the improvement in pro forma advanced ratio by 40 basis points this quarter, closing down the gap. So we are always looking to manage the balance sheet. I wouldn't put a lot of stake in the us moving ourselves fundamentally in buckets at this point because we have been working at that for the last three years to make sure as this rule was going to come out, that we had ourselves positioned as well as we could. So we will continue to work on it but I wouldn't expect us to change.
If you look about the risk assets and Level III assets and things like that and our Company continue to trend down and we just worked the balance sheet back. But I wouldn't say that we expect to move a bucket. We could but we don't expect to.

Answer_24:

    If you remember the last quarter we talked a bit about this. There are some things that will help us which are that some of the deal stuff runs off this year relative to next year which will give us some positive help but round numbers nearly $100 million a quarter of expense help. That is just amortization that finally runs off so that is positive.
And I think Paul cited and you cited back the examples of some nonrecurring things. I think you have to be careful in the year-over-year comparisons on the margin because this business, there is a big bank inside our GWIN business, that $250 billion deposit franchise, big-money franchise so all of the dynamics that we talk about from the corporate obviously hit them also. And so they will benefit more by stability in that as we compare quarters and hopefully grow out of that as they grow loans and deposits.
But I think that is the thing. The question then comes down to more philosophically would you quit investing in new advisors to get a point on margin or so and in the context of that business earn $600 million to $700 million after-tax for us in the context of needing to drive it to another level. We still believe the right trade is to continue to invest in growth. And if the world changed and those people weren't becoming successful which they are, we would change that.
And the thought is that we are adding advisors, you don't see that in other people's franchises and we are doing it in connection with Consumer Bank which is a critical increased success factor for our advisors. In other words, we hire people in what they call BFAs without -- that work within the Consumer franchise but on Merrill teams and we are seeing them get up to speed fast. We think that is a competitive advantage for people we during this business and we will continue to invest in that.
So if we can't seen the success we will pull back on that but right now it is worth it for our shareholders and our customers.

Answer_25:

    I will let Paul hit that but in terms of that. Just want to make sure you are talking about trading or investment banking fees or both?
Steven Chubak
Both.

Answer_26:

    Okay, Paul?

Answer_27:

    So I guess in terms of the pipeline, the pipeline right now looks quite -- this is investment banking fees -- the pipeline right now looks quite strong. There is a decent amount of M&A in it, the timing of which can move around a lot. Some of the pipeline increase I guess can be attributed to transactions that were in our pipeline in the third quarter didn't it come out in the third quarter and are rolling over into the fourth quarter. We saw that type of activity in ECM and as markets improve, we hope that pipeline activity will come out.
In terms of sales and trading, we talked a little bit about that in the prepared remarks. We saw I think good activity in equity sales and trading as clients needed to rebalance risk or take advantage of opportunities particularly in Asia. We were getting some of that flow and feel good about it. On the other hand, we do have a strong FICC business that is tied to new issuance and the new issuance market in the third quarter wasn't as strong so some of those flows just weren't there.

Answer_28:

    Year-over-year, last year's fourth quarter was pretty tough so I think being better than that wouldn't be great performance in sales and trading. But Tom and the team have got the business pretty well positioned in terms of effectiveness and that is why even with the slowdown in the latter part of the quarter we still made $1 billion and you subtract out DVAs, $800 million or so and that is good performance in that business.

Answer_29:

    I don't think we have any of that perspective with us handy and I am not sure we disclose that but we will follow up with you if we do.

Answer_30:

    Yes, I think that as we grow loans, obviously our RWA is going to increase particularly on a standardized basis. It is less of an increase on an advanced basis but they are completely tied. And as you said, we are comfortable with that given the interaction with our clients and the opportunity that brings to increase our margins relative to other investment opportunities.

Answer_31:

    As you think about it, remember that if you look at page five and you look at the content of what is leading coming on especially in the Consumer business and then think about running that through all kinds of models including the CCAR process and think about getting rid of $5 billion of home equity loans which were basically nonperforming and putting on $3 billion of good home equity loans, that dynamic is pretty favorable to the overall calculations. And so it is not only within categories -- not only in categories it is also within categories that we are seeing improvement in credit quality on what is coming on especially when we run through models and things like that.

Answer_32:

    Are you talking about the percentage of equities as a function of what?

Answer_33:

    I think it is less than half but I don't have the number off the top of my head but I think you can look at it in various pieces. We are checking it now but remember it is an integrated business, it is between 30% and 40%. We just found a number but remember it is an integrated business so you can't say growth or derivatives but cash -- the clients do all things with us including fixed income and equities so we are growing it together. So think 30%, 40%.

Answer_34:

    Yes, if you look at the different segments, if you think about on the Consumer side using -- it is more sales force growth and effectiveness and so in building that team and then also the digital sales coming up whether it is autos, whether it is credit card are up dramatically. So think of that engine as being both people and machine for lack of a better term. But don't think of it as changing credit quality or taking any kind of more risks. So [Tom and Dean] that run that business for us has done a good job and so I would say these supply is there more from a delivery capacity than it is from an expanding the box or anything like that. We've really kept it to where we want it and we think that holds us in good stead as you think through all the different dynamics in our Company.
When you go to the commercial side, it is simply a couple of things. In the very small business which is reporting, we have actually seen that business stabilize and start to make its way out of a run-off position and that is again a more automated scored approach. We sped up approval times and done a lot of work to make ourselves more competitive more on delivery than credit. But if you go into business making, commercial banking, global corporate investment banking segment are three versions.  in our middle-market business, I think is up 60 this your, something like that, 70 people delivering lending and products and things behind that also as treasury services people.
So again capacity expansion in the global corporate investment banking a little differently but as we look at middle market, I think that is an area where we are -- we used to think if we were going to take 10, let's only take eight, that is better, we are now telling our teams you need to -- we to understand why you are not taking 10 if that is our whole limit and our capacity in a given transaction as an example and they are doing that. So I think we are probably creating a little more not risk weighting type of supply but just we are taking a little bit more loans because we are twice the equity we used to be and therefore we can absorb it and the team does a great job in credit quality there.
So I would say if you looked at it across the board, Consumer, it is more delivery capacity and in commercial it is more both delivery capacity and then as you cite, sort of take a little more risk in terms of dollar denomination but not in terms of unwanted credit quality.

Answer_35:

    AUM? So we continue to grow AUM and that is all good. I mean it was a little bit slow this quarter but in a bad market environment we continue to grow AUM, we continue to grow deposits, we continue to grow loans so I think everybody is doing their job. You are right that when market activity is lower, we tend to see less activity in the transactional side of that business. There is a lot of new issuance there, mutual funds, other products that just don't come to market and so that sort of exacerbates things when the markets are bad. Does that answer your question?

Answer_36:

    I don't think, Nancy, the idea of a loan type of reserving on the commercial -- all loans it is out there, the FASB is working on it. I think there has been voluminous comments and questions about it. But when it comes out, we well make it -- it will be basically a one-time adjustment type of thing and then it would be over with and so over the course of time, it should come out the same because you think about it this is just putting it all up front as you put the loans on and the commercial side especially would be a change.
So we will get to that when we get to that but it hasn't been clarified what the rule is. Lots of people have commented on it and it would be a one-time thing and as you say somewhere around 2018 is what people currently think.

Answer_37:

    Well, we are still seeing reserve releases on the Consumer side of a bank. They are certainly starting to moderate and consistent with loan growth, we are seeing some reserve additions on the commercial side of the bank. And as I said earlier, if you are looking for when those lines are going to sort of cross, we think provision as Brian and I both said is going to be roughly sort of 800 to 900 in 2016. That is kind of where the conversion is going to happen someplace per quarter that is someplace in 2016.

Answer_38:

    Nancy, remember, we still have massive risk coming off in Consumer that we are not -- reserves are going over to the commercial side and some is coming out net of that 100 plus million this quarter. We expect that to probably mitigate and then if you get loan growth, you will build reserves at some point but I think that is still a bit out there.

Answer_39:

    Well, it depends on what the loan growth is and it depend on the best economic scenario. But I think we still we are still repositioning reserves on the Consumer side that are [excessive]. You can see in the credit statistics we are carrying a healthy reserve for areas that are continuing to come down in terms of risk.

Answer_40:

    If you go to page 17, you can see that the rate of reduction will come down, will slow down but it will still come down on the theory of the units doing. But remember the other issue we have is we are holding more of the loans so that from a corporate perspective that also -- comes in yield and not in servicing fee. So expect it to work its way down to 345 this quarter I would think 300-ish is where it ought to sort of flatten out.

Answer_41:

    I would say most of it is just runoff.

Answer_42:

    We are just working it out contemptuously and so we've still got room to go to get it normalized but there is nothing big material going on in terms of sales and stuff this quarter.

Answer_43:

    In total on our gains, on all our sort of loan sales in the quarter, it was $400 million.

Answer_44:

    $400 million.

Answer_45:

    If you look, Mike, it is in the puts and takes we put on the first slide there.

Answer_46:

    We have not changed how we manage the interest rates of the Company. All that happened was long end rates went down from Q2 to Q3 increasing the  that number.

Answer_47:

    The FAS 91 is really the major difference.

Answer_48:

    So let me answer that and then I will let Paul talk. As we talked about three months ago, Bruce had served as Chief Risk Officer and CFO for a combined six years and wanted to get back and run a business or do something different so we announced that and Paul became CFO. There is nothing new to add.
In terms of how we will deal with the environment as we said most times to earlier questions, we continue to be able to hold the core expenses flat while we make the investments, pay the increased CCAR expenses, pay for the cost to reposition the franchise, severance and everything and we will continue to work that. If the environment changed and we didn't think we were getting returns on that, we will just go to the long-term interest of our shareholders, we would reduce the investment rate.

Answer_49:

    I think it is a little early for me to have developed a plan in terms of radical change. Bruce did a tremendous job of cleaning up the balance sheet and positioning our Company for growth and we have a great team that he built and I'm getting to know all of that and we will see how it goes.

Answer_50:

    Thanks for joining, everybody. We will talk to you next quarter.

