Answer_1:

    Look about from Q4 to Q1, $300 million in core expense decline. $100 million of that is the roll off of the amortization of the awards we gave to advisors around the Merrill Lynch acquisition. $200 million of it is just good, solid expense discipline being driven by SIM and other initiatives. If you look at the supplement you're going to see expenses came down in nearly every category.

Answer_2:

    Jim, I think there's a lot more to do here because at the end of the day adjusting the efficiency ratio for the two major adjustments, which won't reoccur next quarter, you get in the mid-6 -- 66, 67 and we need to drive that down in the low 60s even with the realities of the wealth management business not being as profitable and a big part of our revenue stream but very return on capital beneficial.
So then if you flip and say how are we going to get down there? You're exactly right. If you look, we drifted down even further this quarter. Numbers of branches, smaller numbers of customers, but deposits are up. If you look at headcount in Consumer we continue to reposition it towards the sales and relationship management side and away from the transactional side.
And so that digitization, which is -- we're at $19.6 million, Mobile Banking consumer customers. And interesting enough we're growing on the online customer base, meaning computer-based customers grew over 1 million customers from last year's first quarter. So all that just drives more and more transactions, more and more cost structure of the day-to-day transactional stuff into those environments and saves us money overall.
And at 170 -- 170 basis points, there was a time when that was 300 basis points five, six, seven years ago. We thought we'd got it into the low 2s -- 220, 240, and thought that was pretty good and now we're at 170, and my guess is we continue to push it down.

Answer_3:

    It's going to be quarterly $100 million beginning in Q3 until the fund gets up to its adequate level and then it will come down.

Answer_4:

    Sure. Look, in terms of reserve build, we think the reserves we have right now are the right reserves for our portfolio. Built in releases in the future of going to be based upon how companies adapt to the level and duration of low oil prices as well as our net charge-offs and we think companies are adapting.
In terms of reserve releases, we would expect releases in Consumer, but at a slower pace than we've seen in the past as we run off the legacy portfolio and dependent upon the real estate market. Consumer releases would likely go to offset any builds in commercial.

Answer_5:

    I think from a global perspective we continue to implement all the rules and regulations of change over the last few years. And importantly, Volcker was an implementation mid-this year. And all lot of the hard work has been done if you think about LCR, SLR, the core Basel rules and the changes.
We absorbed the advanced increases over the last year and now we're above the 10% advanced including the $100 billion or more of RWA for the commercial assets and the off risk of capital of $40-billion-odd. And so, we've absorbed a lot of that into the run rate and I think we're now to the point of fine-tuning the Company around the rules and regulations and continue optimizing it.
And I think that -- we've obviously submitted the CCAR work. We did a tremendous amount of work just on the expense side. That was another $40 million of incremental expense this quarter in the first quarter to continue to get us using third parties to continue to make sure we kept our run rate at best-in-class. And so that's in and being reviewed as we speak.
And then we've got obviously, as you spoke about, the continuation of finishing up the resolution plan, which we -- has probably spent at least $0.25 billion on external parties to help us with and a lot of internal work. And that's all been in the run rate as we speak and ultimately provide relief as we get through it.
So I think overall you've seen us implement most of the rules and optimize the Company. We need to continue to do that. That ought to provide some RWA opportunities in the future, but it continues to take time. But we've -- I think we're in pretty good shape and now the question is just to finish up a couple of these key tasks on the resolution plan that you can see. Unprecedented transparency -- you've got the same letter I got, so you know exactly what we have to do, and we'll get it done.

Answer_6:

    If I could just have maybe two thoughts. One, this is not an episodic activity for us. This is being  and meeting the standards under the regulations. That's one.
Two is it's not a group of people who are doing this. It's everybody in the Company. It's -- we have a significant -- it's really being led in many ways by the line of business. We've got involvement from all of the support functions, so it's become part of the culture of the Company to get to the right standards across all the regulations.

Answer_7:

    So outside of -- on the commercial side, outside of energy and metals and mining, we don't see issues with credit quality. We're obviously watching very carefully, but it feels very good outside of those two sectors. What was the second part of your question?

Answer_8:

    It's on the CCAR results.

Answer_9:

    Oh, yes, yes, absolutely. Look, if you look at our CCAR results, either on an absolute basis or on a comparative basis, you can see what a third-party, the Fed, thinks our losses would be. You're going to see that again in a few months. And I think you can really see, when you look at those results, how much we've improved the credit quality of the Company of both -- across both Consumer and Commercial.

Answer_10:

    Over time, Betsy, our view is that we can grow the Company and grow it responsibly as we talk about. So there's opportunities for growth and that's -- on the Consumer segment a lot of questions we get is how can you grow and keep your credit discipline? You must be changing.
You can see that this stuff coming on today is as strong as anything we put on and the Commercial you should assume is the same. And so there is still plenty of opportunity for us to grow, which is just good for earnings and prospects.
When you flip it to the other side of it, yes, our job from the management team was to set this Company up to -- it would never have the kind of risk embedded in it that would lead us to difficult times and a real recession, leave alone the CCAR analysis. And as you see the CCAR analysis over time, you see our loss content continue to come down and that should serve us in good stead to be able to take out capital over time, as you said.
And if you think about in the Commercial book, it's -- things like commercial real estate, we have been very disciplined and what we inherited through all the deals and development loans -- all that stuff is really nonexistent at any consequence, so we feel very good about the Commercial book.

Answer_11:

    Right.

Answer_12:

    So let's -- just framing from the overall top. Last year this quarter we had 17 million mobile users; this year we have 19.5 million. And as Paul said, there was an interesting point that the nominal rate of growth this quarter was one of the highest we've ever had. So even though smart phones have penetrated, you think you've kind of penetrated the customer base, it's still growing fast, so that's number one.
And then as I said earlier, Betsy, and you've followed our Company for a long time, you might -- you would've seen a plateauing in the online -- the computer-based banking, for lack of a better term, people coming in through BankofAmerica.com. And that now is growing as fast [nominally] or faster mobile which means people are also using both sides. And so that's one thing. So the core activity is growing.
And if you look at the activity in the core customer base from card usage -- both debit and credit card usage up 4% plus year-over-year, and that's good. The online mobile part of the spend is now up to 20% of the spend and it's growing 15% per year versus the 4%, 4.5% growth on the total. So that's tremendous.
Then if you get in the wallet categories, just to give you a sense, just in the last week the growth rates in enrolled cards was 12% week to week growth in terms of volume enrolled, 100,000-odd cards came on. The payment usage was up 3% week over week, so you see this phenomenal growth rate. If you annualized that out, that's a weekly growth rate and it ebbs and flows with holidays and everything else, but think about that.
And you see that usage going up, but the mobile wallet payments are still less than 0.2% of the total payments made with plastic at Bank of America. So you still have lots of opportunity to convert activity to a platform which is more convenient for the customer.
And then the other thing we've -- and then a part of that you talk about is the new consortium to build a new P2P deployment for the banking system. We're up and operating that. We still have a few more months before the rest of the colleagues in the consortium get up and then we'll start to push that out in the market heavily.
I think it's a tremendous improvement over what we have today, even though we have a fair amount of volume on it today through clearXchange and that was an effort to get us all together so we could have a very interoperable payment network.
We've got the Visa Checkout work that's going on where we're preloading customers' cards in their wallet. We're about, as best we can tell, 13%, 14% of all the spend in Visa Checkout today and we've got 1 million-plus cards; we'll drive that forward.
And if you put that altogether you're seeing tremendous volume off of all these mechanisms. And in the month of March, to give you an example, we had almost $60 billion of payments off the computer-based platform and about $20 billion off the mobile-based platform. So think about the size of that.
Now given all that, we still sent out about $8 billion of cash out of our ATMs in the month of March on -- that's $0.25 billion a day or more. So it's still -- you have to have all the capabilities and that's what we're building towards. And going back to I think Jim's question earlier, the cost structure keeps moving in your favor as you keep driving this activity through.

Answer_13:

    Yes, eventually is always an operative word. Even today I think there's about a quarter million checks a day, people take a picture of them and send them in on their mobile phones and that didn't exist three years ago. But there's still a quarter million of them that would have to go way, so it will be a while.

Answer_14:

    Yes, it's everything about payments: processing payments, fraud losses, discussions with the customers about the payment -- the multiple payment faculties that they could use and how they interface. And so, it has been a huge driver. Remember we went from 6,100 branches down to 4,600 or whatever today.
And the customer base has increased by 10% and the volume of deposits is up by I think 30% to 40% and checking deposits are up dramatically. So I think year-over-year checking deposits were up 8% over 10% I think, Lee, right? Something like that. So the activity is level is growing up on a smaller and smaller base.
And that cost structure in retail is driven by two things, the people, which we're increasing sales in relationship management content, and the physical plant. And you're absolutely right, driving all that out -- near as we can tell, we spend about $1 billion a year just moving cash around in our Company. So less cash moving around saves us money.

Answer_15:

    The goal is to have it keep going down every day, week, month, quarter. And I think, Betsy, with all these things you've got to be careful about letting my consumer colleagues think they are doing too good a job. So I keep putting pressure on them, so I'm not going to give them a goal that they think they've achieved something.

Answer_16:

    Sure. So look, we're hesitant to give guidance. Given the volatility rate that we've experienced, guidance has not been that helpful, in my opinion, but I'll give you a couple of thoughts. $10.6 billion, if you think about maybe as a launching off point, given some of the seasonal NII gains we had in Q1 I think a more reasonable launch point would be more like $10.5 billion.
Then you go to the second quarter, we've obviously got to deal with lower long-term rates. Second quarter is always a little bit seasonally lower for us. So there's some -- progress there is going to be challenged. But I think as you head to the third quarter and fourth quarter, when you consider what we're -- think we can do on deposit growth and loan growth, and if rates follow the path along the forward curve, we would expect to make progress in the latter half of the year.

Answer_17:

    It's a leap year, so I think it's normally down 2, but now it's down 1, or --  flat, yes.

Answer_18:

    Sure. So March felt, I think, a lot better than certainly January and February. And April it's really too early, but April feels, at least is starting out, like it's more like March than it is like January and February.
In terms of Brexit, we are focused on our clients and customers. They are going to need -- there's going to be volatility potentially around the vote and around any changes after the vote. And we're working very closely with our customers to address how they need to manage their risk.
From our own Company perspective, we are -- we're going to listen. It's a UK -- it's the UK's decision. We're going to -- after we find out what the decision is and understand it, then I think we will react to it and do what we think is in the best interest of our customers and clients and shareholders and other constituencies.

Answer_19:

    No, I wouldn't say -- look, I think you heard from competitors that Asia was a little better in March. We're stronger in the US than we are in Asia. We have a significant business there, but -- so there was some improvement out there. But, no, I wouldn't have any more specifics than that.

Answer_20:

    Sure. 40% of the $6 billion is going to come from an increase in short end rates and then the other 60% is split equally between FAS 91 and reinvesting at longer-term rates. The FAS 91 piece is relatively straightforward. I mean we had a $1.2 billion decline in Q1 because interest rates went down 50 basis points. We're going to retrace that if they go back up.

Answer_21:

    Look, if you think about our ROA and you adjust for FAS 91 market-related NII adjustments and retirement-eligible expenses, you're going to get into the mid-70s. And then if you give us some credit for the progress we've made in LAS over the last few years and continue with that progress, you're going to get even higher.
From there it's about growing loans -- growing deposits, growing loans, putting on, like you said, assets that are accretive to what we have on the books right now. And, importantly, continuing to grind and work on expenses. And so, that's what we've got to do.

Answer_22:

    It's compensation related given the fact that revenue was a little weak because of the volatile markets. That's not to say we're not working on bringing down costs in that segment as well, but specifically to answer your question in Q1, that's what drove it.

Answer_23:

    Yes, it's -- they are working on all the elements expense, so you've got that right. But also remember as the NII increases there's not as much expense attached to that. So that's one of the operating leverage points in wealth management that we were losing a lot last year that we're going to get back as short-term rates rise because they are a heavy deposit business.
Remember, they alone are $260 billion of deposits in Wealth Management, which those deposits and loans continue to grow which continues to produce more core NII. As well as what everybody thinks of as being a large Investment Management trust fee type company. But they are a big bank and the loans grow and that's going to drive that up and that is marginally more profitable for the shareholder.

Answer_24:

    I would classify it as little to very little sold this quarter. It's just working service loans -- delinquent service loans down.

Answer_25:

    Very little from any production that was done after the crisis, Paul, as you could expect. So they're delinquency statistics. So really you still have modifications that -- the re-modification work going on because people have had modifications for years. Some portion of them go back in the situation and then you have just the normal flow.
But that number keeps working itself down and, based on the quality of our portfolio, should come down even significant to where it is. This is a grind now. This is just working through -- if some were involved in litigation take time. It's just a grind to work them out now.

Answer_26:

    Well, as we've told you, our target -- our next weigh station on improving this thing is $500 million at the end of the year and we're well on our way to get there, Paul. But your experienced in this business. That is not an acceptable number, but I just need to keep them tracking it down.
What's interesting, and if you look at the headcount we show you and stuff, what is changing is they're headcount down is at 9,800 or something like that, 9,900 at the end of the quarter so it's come down from a high of 58,000 internal people plus external contractors dramatically.
Now we've got to get some of the harder costs out, meaning the systems and technology that was overbuilt for $12 million servicing portfolio, the real estate, and that takes a little harder work. So we're grinding all that out. So say $700 million and change to $500 million and change and ultimately we've got to get it down to significantly below that $500 million to make it makes sense as a servicing.
I think it's okay, but to actually be an effective servicing platform we should drive it down. Your point about immateriality is something -- this is becoming less and less of an event to us. And so what we've got to execute on -- it's not going to have the impact of when we had $3.1 billion of quarterly costs a few years ago.

Answer_27:

    $1.4 million of 60 plus day delinquent loan service.

Answer_28:

    So $500 million by year end, that's our next goal, and then when we get there we'll give you another one. But we're just -- like I said earlier to Betsy on the Consumer side, we've got to keep moving this in the right direction and we have an idea where we'll get to, but we want to make sure we get the first piece out, it's $1 billion a year.

Answer_29:

    Sure. Look, this is some perspective. We're maintaining our market share in auto lending, but we're very focused on originating prime and super prime loans. Average FICO score, as you can see on the page, of 778 and debt to income ratios are at all-time lows.
Again, we're not following the market from a structuring standpoint to the longer tenors. 90% of our loans are 73 months or lower, so that's our strategy. And I think if we stick to that, we'll be fine. We did pull forward from -- we had an opportunity this quarter to get more flow. We had planned to do that in later quarters. We pulled that volume to this quarter and we'll evaluate it in future quarters.

Answer_30:

    And you asked a question about residual values and the volume of cars sold and what happens. We also, as part of our stress testing of our -- stress testing our portfolios, internal stress testing and also for the CCAR DFAST work, we stress the collection -- the recognized collection value of cars down 40% and it's not -- it'd obviously have more losses, why wouldn't you?
But what really controls your losses is the quality portfolio and what runs through that calculation. And that number is, because of the high quality is very low. So we test that question you're asking which is what happens if residual values or used car values continue to -- fell dramatically in a recessionary environment or something and that's one of the things we test, and it's not a big number.

Answer_31:

    We had the opportunity -- we have relationships where -- on the flow side and when we see opportunities we can pull some of that in. Originations come through the branch, they come online and they come through our relationships with financial institutions who have relationships with dealers.

Answer_32:

    And our relationship with dealers also.

Answer_33:

    Yes, our relationship with dealers. So every once in a while we'll see an opportunity to add some balances and if it's within our underwriting standards we'll consider it.

Answer_34:

    Yes.

Answer_35:

    Well, hi, Mike. Thank you. So I guess I would start by again -- just so everybody understands the facts -- we -- if you adjust for FAS 91 and FAS 123, our return on tangible common equity would be roughly 8.5%. And again, as I said before, we've made a lot of progress in LAS. And if you give us any credit for the progress for the progress we think we're going to make in the future, we're going to be able to take that 8.5% even further.
We've made, I think -- so the key is we've got to continue to make progress on expenses. I'll get to revenue in a second, but we've got to continue to make progress on expenses and, again, I think we've demonstrated that we can do that. If you look just year-over-year, expenses are down $1 billion or 6%. If you go back to Q1, Q1 2011, we've taken quarterly expenses down, core quarterly expenses down $3.5 billion, so that's a $14 billion run rate. We've got to continue to do that.
If you look this quarter at our Consumer and GWIM segments, you can see the operating leverage. If you look at the whole Company and you back off FAS 91, you can see the operating leverage. So we've just got to continue to work on expenses. We're not sitting around waiting for rates to go up. It would help if they did, and that's what we're focused on.

Answer_36:

    So, they're going -- you sort of have identified the opportunity that we have in a different market environment. It's a judgment I think we have to make. But a portion of these savings are going to increase growth in the future. A portion are going to the bottom line.
That's the lever we can pull over an extended period of time to adjust for the market environment. We've proven we can get the expenses out. If we wanted them all to drop to the bottom line we could do that, but we need to invest in growth at the same time and we've got to balance that.

Answer_37:

    Look, in terms -- we are focused on driving down expenses every day, every quarter, every week. You can call it anything you want. We've got a lot of focus on this and I think you're going to continue to see progress.
Our operating leverage on an adjusted basis this quarter was meaningful. You can see it. If you adjust for FAS 91, revenue down 3%, expenses down 6%. We're getting the operating leverage. Look at the GWIM segment, look at the Consumer segment. We are focused on it.

Answer_38:

    A couple things with that. The 26% -- if you think back across the last year when we discussed this, we had the ATP piece. And so a chunk of that is that, the other chunk is good expense management. I said earlier the margin net interest income stabilizing, improving. They been growing the balances now. It's more stable. So I think it is a good starting point.
It will -- in some cases you would hope that it wouldn't go up a lot because that would mean asset management fees and other things are growing, which attach more compensation, less marginal profit, which will be good news, because the overall profit will grow better. But you should assume that that's a level we should hold onto if -- in a relatively stable environment as we see this quarter starting out at.
When you go to the fiduciary, we've been working on that, obviously. Just because it's the final rule and it came out recently we've been working on it. So I don't think -- I think to the extent there's cost embedded in that, a lot of it's in the run rate and it will be marginally in the run rate for the next few quarters. It's not a hugely substantial cost and if you even -- look, we've spent a lot of time educating our teammates about doing it. There are operational costs but I don't think it's material in the grand scheme of things.

Answer_39:

    I'll just add a little bit to that. I think from the very beginning we supported the fundamental objectives of the Department of Labor. And if you look at our goals-based strategy, it delivers a lot of what they are getting at with that rule in terms of the best interest standard.
Our Merrill Lynch One advisory platform, which we successfully completed the transition of a lot of clients this quarter. That's a great example of how we've been up front to create an experience that is really transparent, single fee schedule, etc. That's a significant investment. And we're guessing that that investment is really going to pay off here in terms of implementing this rule.
If you look at the roughly $2 trillion of [GUM] client assets we have outside of deposits and loans, we think the Department of Labor will probably impact less than 10% of that. And certainly given the implementation schedule we wouldn't expect to see much of an impact, if any impact, in 2016 and as we digest the rules we'll just have to evaluate how it's going to affect out years.

Answer_40:

    That's correct.

Answer_41:

    We're going to continue -- like every other segment, we're going to continue to work on bringing our costs down in this segment as well. I think there's lots of things we can do from an operational standpoint to improve profitability over the medium and long term and we're focused on that.
You're right, here compensation expenses are significant and they are going to be consistent with the revenue performance. I think we were disciplined this quarter in terms of our compensation expense and you saw that in the numbers.

Answer_42:

    They've been adjusting -- as you read about in the press, there is a -- it's not in the run rate yet, it comes in next quarter because it happened mid-March. They made major adjustments in the size of the platform in mid-March. I'll give you an example.
We have equity sales people year-over-year down 60 or 70 on a base of -- that's probably down 15% or 20% at least. So fab in that business continues to reposition. Bernie and Jim continue on the fixed income side so they've made some major adjustments in headcount. So we'll hold it down here.
You want this expense to go up because that means the revenue has gone back up. So you've got to be careful. But the fundamental operating platform has embedded in the run rate cost actually continue to develop a systems architecture, continue to drive the compliance of Volcker and all that stuff as you go in the run rate. So the chances of the non-compensation related expenses moving a lot is not the big deal and the question is just how do you incrementally keep management down.

Answer_43:

    The other thing to remember just in this quarter, I would just point out again, that we did have a little bit of help from litigation. We had a reversal of a prior matter. It helped on the expense line.

Answer_44:

    We don't generally comment on those sorts of things. It was -- look, it was north of $100 million.

Answer_45:

    As you might imagine, the pipeline is -- looks great because everybody -- people need to transact, they just haven't -- they just didn't do it in the first quarter, so it's building up. In periods where there's volatility like this, the best thing our bankers can do is to be in front of CEOs, Boards and CFOs. They are doing that.
There is going to be -- have to be financing activity at some point because clients need to finance. And so our pipeline looks good. I wouldn't necessarily say we've seen any -- in the first few days of April we've seen any dramatic increase in capital markets activity, but there is certainly lots of dialogue. The pipeline looks good again because I think there's a lot of pent-up demand there.

Answer_46:

    I think the simple thing to think about in the investment banking Capital Market side is the work is ready to go, we just -- if we continue to see the stability, you will see it come through. And that's -- our comments are really based on still -- they're still stabilizing as we speak.
And so, if that happens, you expect to see it start pulling through and it would be up from the quarter, quarter over quarter. But there are still a few more weeks of stability that you have to see for people to actually pull the trigger on financings and stuff.

Answer_47:

    Obvious, the markets right now are stable. People can finance if they want to. I think it's just a question, as Brian said, of CEOs and Boards just making sure that the stability we're seeing right now is something that they can count on as they go to market.

Answer_48:

    The other thing, Ken, is that you have to remember that for a long period of time we were fighting the runoff of the noncore assets, which are now small enough that we could actually overcome them. So there are a lot of quarters where the core activity was growing but you couldn't find it because -- if you look at the slide you can see the All Other, which is the investment portfolio, really mortgages and then the LAS assets are now small enough so that the quarter-to-quarter runoff.
But I think it's solid across-the-board. I think that in the segments we focus in on the Consumer side, prime, super prime, there's strong activity. Mortgages, you could see the origination volumes this quarter were solid. I think if you think of home equity has kicked back up a little bit again because people see home equity in their house.
The auto businesses strong, but it will ebb and flow with how many units get sold ultimately because that's the nature of the business. Although I think we can gain share there because our share on our direct-to-consumer business was very low. We didn't even do it two years ago and now we're up to, I don't know, $0.5 billion or more a quarter.
So I think from a consumer side, the card business, because we've now sold through all the portfolios we have to sell, I think you should see stable and start to see better year-over-year comparables than we've had the last several years. Obviously the last big portfolio went out in the fourth quarter, and so I think we feel good.
If you look at the online customers, the creditworthy customers that we deal with are there to borrow and we're lending to them. And if you go on the Commercial side, as Paul said earlier, I think you would expect us the CRE -- we slowed -- we want to be careful in CRE, so we are doing very fundamentally structured loans. But in C&I, and a nice -- business banking, not a huge business for us, frankly, but they finally are making it through their runoff and that's good.
And so I think across all those businesses you should see -- it may not grow as fast as [normally] it has. Two years ago we had the international book grow and corporate -- we slowed that down based on our judgments about risk. And so I think it's a pretty balanced growth. And so the question always is do you have to compromise your credit standards to grow? No, we don't because you can see that. And then secondly, is there opportunity to actually get growth? And the answer is yes. But -- and that's just good, hard work.

Answer_49:

    We have to be careful and that's what I think we wanted to show you some of the -- there are two -- three basic principles that you have to follow. One is, we had to balance the portfolios between Commercial and Consumer.
Second, we had to get the Consumer to secure portfolios, dominating versus unsecured both credit card -- now the loans really put us behind -- in a tough situation last time. And then, third, you've got to maintain your individual quality of underwriting. Consumer is more formulaic and Commercial more deal selection and customer selection.
But if you look at it -- I'll just give you the simplest way to think about this. We have moved probably from 8 out of 10 mortgage holders who are absolutely within our credit box, absolutely we do business with, getting their mortgage somewhere else to maybe 7. So we've still got 7 more to go without talking about expanding the credit parameters in our mortgage business one iota.
So think of that as a demonstration point that you can go over and over again. So there is plenty of market share out there. And then one of the things, Ken, we're looking at is we look across our 90-odd markets in the United States. There are areas where we have tremendous opportunity to expand our market share where the franchise just wasn't balanced.
Some areas of franchise, the wealth management business is a high percentage; in some places, it's low. The middle-market business is very high market -- very strong, good market shares in certain markets and a third of that in other markets. And so, where we're deploying these people is also based on our view of which market. So it's going into that market, hiring talent, using this massive customer capability we have to go drive it. Again, target the exact customers we want.
So, even on a geographic basis, whether it's the deposit business and expanding in some of those markets, but also in the commercial lending business and -- otherwise there's opportunities without compromising credit.

Answer_50:

    As Brian said, that's where those added sales professionals are going. They're going to markets where we think we have synergies across commercial, GWIM and Consumer.

Answer_51:

    Well, I think we've been telling people to focus more on mid-single-digits type of numbers in a given 2% growth -- 1.5%, 2% growth economy as opposed to 10%. So -- but the core business is growing faster and then we're still running off, but we've told people to focus in at that level.

Answer_52:

    I'm not sure you can consider first-quarter banking normal in the sense that we still have extra costs we've got a get out of here, Nancy, that we continue to work down. Litigation was elevated in the quarter from more the normalized level that we feel we can achieve and things like that. But leave that aside.
The basic principle is we continuously look at the franchise to see about optimization. So generally when people ask that question they are thinking about a couple different areas. One is the markets area. We show you the markets. Profitability returns in this business. But if you get into the supplement you'll see you can never call a markets business an annuity business.
But what drives our business is really a connection between the issuer clients, the commercial borrowers and commercial clients and the investor clients that we serve. And to do that -- in our Wealth Management business, because that's a group of people that rely on the research platform. If you look, the interconnectedness of that is massive and -- whether it's by us getting out of proprietary trading and Volcker and things like that, the whole -- the real business is driven at that.
And so, if you -- we've taken the balance sheet from implying at the time of Merrill, probably nearly to $800 billion or more, maybe closer to $1 trillion down to $500 billion and the revenues have stabilized and I think that's a good place for us to be. Number one research plant in the world. Number one in the US this year. The ability to use it in wealth management, the ability to use it to inform our corporate customers.
So, we look at how we pare away things and look at it -- so in the international business we've pared back -- there was 1,200 -- I don't know, 800 to 1,200 people that were downsized in markets and banking in the first quarter. So we keep -- it's not in or out, it's more how do you keep paring it back.
And so, if you look across there, we always look at that question. We continue to look at it, but right now we really like the franchise and the connectivity between the franchise of all the different elements, focused on markets, focused on wealth management, focused on the core business.
And I think now the question is with low rates, we just have to grind the cost down and that's going to come out of really all the pieces and -- well, for a while, it was -- you could go at it at a fairly high level and drive it. Now it's really incrementally idea by idea and taking it out and that's why you see that constant improvement.
Improvement of core costs of $2 billion run rate first quarter last year to first quarter this year is not -- is working at it. It just takes more time because 130 million square feet of real estate down to 80 million going to 70 million. There's a lot of work to get out of that real estate.

Answer_53:

    Well, I think if you think of branches and think about it as offices as opposed to the historical notion of a place where you transact, the question of how many you have is going to be how many relationship managers you need and how many places they have to sit. And so, what we've done is consolidated the branches to be even bigger.
So the sheer number -- so we added 6,100, or 4,600. Each year we've repositioned 200 or 300 of them. But what we're doing is getting out of smaller branches and building into bigger branches. So we consolidated three into one and build up -- that branch has in it US trust people, Wealth Management people, small business salespeople.
So what we're actually -- if you think about it as a real estate question, the number is not as important as they are full and that they are marginally driving the profit. And you can get a lot of salespeople per square inch, a lot of customer activity per square inch, and that's where we're going.
And so, you're going to see some of the new prototypes that we've deployed. You can see in places like Denver where we're now on our third branch and we'll continue to build out that are much -- look much more like a sales office than what people's vision of a traditional branch.
But going to your earlier question, Nancy, I don't know where this stops and I'm not -- that's not saying I'm trying to hide an answer that I have, it's just that if you and I were here last year, and we were, and you said 17 million mobile users, that's good penetration, it's 2 million more a year later.
And as computer-based banking is up 1.5 million or something like that, which is kind of remarkable on top of that. So we don't know where this goes, but we're going to be pushing ahead, following our clients and making sure we stay with them. At the same time, our customer satisfaction scores are now reaching an all-time high, which means the way we're doing it works for them.
And you've given me your feedback about our customer focus and capabilities over the years, but they are back to the highest they've ever been and that's, importantly, managing that transition carefully and that's what we've got to keep doing.

Answer_54:

    I just want to echo a couple of thoughts the Brian said. I think the branches are going to become not a destination where people come to transact but a destination where people come because they need a product or service because of something changing in their lives. They need to start saving for their kids' college or they need a new -- they need a mortgage or they need a credit card.
It's more about they are coming there because of some life event or because of some product or [service] they need, not for every day transaction banking. We'll still have the branches that can do that for people who prefer that, but I think over time people will recognize the convenience and safety of doing these things online, doing them electronic not from paper. And the branches will become -- we're organizing our branches so that they become destinations for people who need help with their financial lives.

Answer_55:

    Marty, you can come at this a fairly straightforward way which is we have $1.2 trillion in deposits and we have $900 billion in loans. And if we put our own mortgages on the balance sheet we know the quality, we know the customer and we know that the servicing cost ultimately will be a lot less of how we're doing it.
If we buy third-party loans -- so to extract the value of those deposits we've got to invest in something. We invested substantially in treasuries. We have to -- back to mortgages and mortgage-backed securities. And so the question is why by someone else's when you are producing your own?
So it's really a very pragmatic view of -- we want to control our destiny in mortgage going forward so that the customer we look in the eye and originate the mortgage with is the customers we service for, is the customer we have the asset quality with and there is no third party involved. So it's more driven by us just getting to our own, controlling our own destiny.

Answer_56:

    Well, the -- we used to -- there is an element that's just as -- we used to book that retained piece in the central area. We stopped doing that. That's showing the changeover, so you've got to think of it a little bit together. But -- and it's consistent with our peers. Most people have their consumer businesses booked to loans they retain. We just didn't do that for years.
But remember, those -- you've got to remember that you've got to think of the whole balance sheet. You're looking at the loan category. The money comes out of center because of liquidity demands in the rules. It goes into treasuries and other securities which are not in that chart because they are not loans, mortgage-backed securities and treasuries and that still has a yield to it. Not as dollar-denominated as much as mortgages but has a yield to it.
That has been driven more by the liquidity demands in LCR than it is by anything else, which is the centralized portfolio. We've gone from $100 billion in liquidity four or five years ago to $500 billion, so that has a cost to it in that -- in prior years that could have been invested in high-yielding assets, but not -- mortgages don't count for liquidity.

Answer_57:

    And again, look -- the facts are we've been growing overall, so year-over-year including those segments which, as you point off by our strategy are running off faster. We're still growing the overall balance sheet.

Answer_58:

    It's marginally -- will be absorbed. If you think about it, the total number of loans is relatively small. The total -- it will go on the platform of very little change.

Answer_59:

    I think -- I would just say that we're trying to be consistent with our strategy of controlling our own destiny.

Answer_60:

    Thank you.

