Question_1:

    Great. I guess I'll just start with, can you give us your thoughts on the Whole Foods integration? How you see that contributing to the bottom line over time? And then on a quick balance sheet note, we obviously saw the strong AWS results, but unearned revenue doesn't seem to be growing at the rate it was in the past. Maybe comment a little bit on the unearned revenue growth on the balance sheet, why it might be slower than the past?

Question_2:

    Guess I'll ask 2 as well. The first one is, that was a bit of a usual upside to your guidance, even stripping out Whole Foods. Is there -- what would you -- what's most surprised you in the quarter? You've been pretty consistent to how you reported versus your guide. So something unusual happened or somewhat unusual happen? What would you attribute that to?

Question_3:

    And then briefly on the international retail, that growth also by itself was intrinsically stronger than you've seen in a while. Any particular markets geographic markets, you would call out there?

Question_4:

    I have 2. Just on Whole Foods again, I was wondering, could you talk about 1 or 2 of the biggest surprises you've seen so far? And then maybe just a strategic opportunity, as you see, of having a brick-and-mortar presence as you look to continue to grow your overall business? And the second one on the subscriptions revenue, you accelerated to 59%, could you just talk about which countries or which regions are driving that? And maybe talk a little bit about the growth or the cadence of what's happening in the U.S., your oldest market?

Question_5:

    In the comment in the release on seasonal workers, that looks roughly flat year-on-year. I wanted to know if you could understand a little bit more about the trajectory around the workers needed to fulfill seasonal holiday demand and what that might also mean for automation or efficiency benefits you're getting inside your fulfillment centers.

Question_6:

    Brian, I was hoping you could help us understand how at this point you're prioritizing expansion into new product categories. In particular, there's a lot of talk now about potentially using Whole Foods stores for physical pharmacy presence and also that you've perhaps got an approvals across multiple states in that category. Can you just help us understand the approach in general to new categories and pharmacy, in particular?

Question_7:

    The other category which includes advertising accelerated 58% in the quarter. I think the common view there is that's a fairly high-margin business, certainly higher than corporate average. Is there any reason why that isn't the right assumption to make? Essentially what impact is the growth in the ad business having on the company's overall profitability? And in terms of the increased losses in the international retail segment of the business, can you provide some color around how much of that's being driven by Amazon launching into new markets, which I know you continue to do, versus investing more heavily in existing markets?

Question_8:

    Two questions. There's been some news flow recently about Brazil expansion. Can you just talk about how Brazil compares to maybe some of the other international markets that you're investing in? What level of investment should we expect in Brazil maybe relative to like in Australia or in India? And then the follow-up on the Whole Foods. So do you feel like the store footprint at 460-odd stores is adequate? Or any color on plans to expand either the Whole Foods store footprint or the Amazon bookstores or those other ones you mentioned?

Question_9:

    I understand you can't comment on rumors one way or the other, but curious as you think about categories like health care and obviously you guys are already in health care to some degree through Amazon Business, can you give us a bit of a status update on what you do have out there now? And particularly how the company and management thinks about entering more regulated businesses over time? How you would approach that versus a standard category that you might go into? Or maybe again, I know you can't comment on rumors, how you have approached to that in the past or in other market? And then to the extent that we are thinking about AWS growth in the fourth quarter, you guys are lapping the price cuts from last year and obviously have about an 800 basis point easier comp Q3 to Q4, taking those 2 things into consideration, how should we think about AWS growth through the end of the year?

Question_10:

    I had 2, please. The first, Prime Now, Fresh Prime Pantry and Whole Foods, they're all distinct offerings, but it does seem like there's natural overlap with the potential to be further connected. And I was just wondering if you could just speak to how we should think about those 4 as distinct product offerings in the future versus being more integrated and possibly even, in some cases, eliminated to remove overlap from a customer experience standpoint? And then secondly, given the recent management changes in video, Brian, I was just wondering if you could speak to any strategic shifts in Video or changes in the pace of content portfolio build in coming years?

Question_11:

    I'll actually ask 2 if I can. Just any way you can comment on the increase in Whole Foods traffic after the close? And then second, talk about your desire to have an ad-supported business on Fire TV or through Prime Video?

Question_12:

    Just wanted to ask about delivery, in just over the last several months, we've seen a lot of announcements in products around delivery options between Lockers, testing the Kohl's partnership, Whole Foods, obviously, Amazon Key came out recently. I just wanted to better understand this investment. Is this a result of -- or the thesis that more options could drive, obviously, more sales on the flip side? Do you think you're losing some sales by not having those options?

