Answer_1:

    The way we think -- I'll take both actually -- the way we think about using location data is that every time we use data we use it in accordance with the privacy controls we offer people. And we are working hard at making our ads better targeted. And over time I think you'll see the industry continue to evolve to get better at targeting more ads. We certainly see it's a significant upside for us to get better at targeting more dads, not just from geo-location data but from all kinds of different data we get based on what users do with our service. 
On brand advertisers, we don't break out the different marketer segments. Our results this quarter are based on growth in all marketer segments, including brand. And we continue to make progress. We have every one of the Ad Age global 100 have advertised with us over the past year. My comment was based on the fact that marketing spend is just not keeping pace with the transition to time online and mobile in that segment of the market. And since that segment of the market is so big, helping that transition happen presents significant upside for us. 
Our focus there is measurement. We have to show brand marketers that our ads drive in-store sales. And we work on that. We work on that client by client. To share a few examples from this quarter, Cadbury in the UK worked with us to sell their cream egg products the day before Halloween to talk about candy to 16 to 24 year olds. They used Facebook media for user-generated posts, along with TV. They reached 15 million people. 21% of those people they only reached on Facebook, not TV. And the combined impact of TV and Facebook where sales were up 9%. Another example, because it shows how we can move awareness, is the Alfa Romeo 4C launched in Portugal. And they did a pretty cool thing where a person could do a test drive with a Formula One driver. And they got the highest buzz they have ever had in Google trends for a product launch. So, for us, we think it's a big opportunity ahead of us. You have to work on these clients account by account, client by client. But we think as the shift to mobile and digital happens, it's a big opportunity, and we're focused on helping that shift happen.

Answer_2:

    On the first, our growth overall is based on the strong performance of News Feed ads, an increase in the number of News Feed ads per user, and also more marketers. And the simplification of products has actually been very important in attracting new marketers. If you look at the new advertisers we acquired in Q3, 62% of them started with either promoted posts or promoted page lives which are the most simple of our advertising formats. So, we think continuing to roll out very simple ways to become an advertiser is driving our growth, and will continue to. 
The larger question you ask was based on our focus of business objective. And that's actually a really big deal for us. We are now getting to the point where our ad product support is really helping marketers achieve their core business objectives. So, before people used to buy via the product -- what product do you want to buy -- and now they're buying from us by identifying -- I want to get mobile app installed, I want to get mobile engagement, I want to get website conversion. I think the fact that we're pivoting to focus on those end business results and making everything else, including social, part of meeting those business results, is a really important part of our strategy. It's driving our growth and I think it's going to continue to.

Answer_3:

    I just want to answer the part of the question about the product experience over time. I move there are two pieces of this that we're thinking about related to the knowledge economy. The first is just helping our customers use information better to grow their businesses and create jobs. So, we're thinking about small businesses and making it so that they can have better insights into who their customers are, and better ability to reach them. Developers being able to use better analytics for being able to find new customers as well. And those are a lot of the inspiration and the strategy behind the ad products that we're delivering. 
On the side of the product experiences that we're creating for people who use Facebook, right now I do think that the Facebook experience is very push-based, in that you go to Facebook and we're suggesting content to you through something like News Feed. And over time I think if we do a good job we should be able to create more value through all of the knowledge that has been shared over time that we're not really surfacing on a day-to-day basis right now in terms of helping people answer a lot of different questions that they have around the world. That's the direction we're starting to go in with Graph Search and a few other areas, as well. But, it's pretty early so I think around a five-year timeframe, like you were saying, hopefully we will have made pretty significant progress towards going in that direction.

Answer_4:

    So, top-of-the-funnel ads remain very important to us. And, again, our growth this quarter was very broad-based including top-of-the-funnel ads. The reason they're important is that Facebook is such a unique and powerful discovery place. When you're on Facebook you are open to discovery, you're open to getting messages. And that's what we're seeing with News Feed messages from friends and with ads, as well. The key for us is measurement. The way we're really going to make progress is better measurement. It's easier to understand and measure a click that goes through to an online sale. It's harder to measure households that see ads and don't see ads change their purchase, change their purchase behavior in stores. 
The thing I think we've done a lot of over the last year, and we're continuing to do that, is put those measurements in place. So I talked in my opening remarks about measurement for telecom. We've also done a ton of work around CPG so that we can look at households that saw an ad, households that didn't see an ad, and what their difference is. To share one more example, Mondelez did a promotion with us for the Nilla Wafer in the US. They were targeting 35- to 44-year-old females and moms. Because we were able to do this type of measurement, that we couldn't have done a year ago, we were able to show that the got a 5 extra turn on their ad spend. We measured household spending who saw their ads versus households who didn't see their ads, and there was a 9% difference. They were also able to tell that a lot of the 9% was driven by new buyers of their products, which is what they want. So I do think we have a big opportunity. I do think the brands are going to continue to need to be convinced account by account that this moves products off shelves, and that's what we're doing.

Answer_5:

    Mark, thanks for your question. This is David. So, it's really not possible to tease out individual contributions because the way the auction works everything is interdependent. So if we have fewer ads, that's going to play out with different pricing and other sorts of things. So, I can give you our best feel for it but I can't quantify it precisely. If you look at overall ad revenue growth, for example, in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, there's probably three factors that contributed materially that are important to understand. One is just growth in users. Second is growth in demand which plays out into pricing. And then the third is an increase in the number of ads that we showed in News Feed per users. I'd probably order the ad load, probably third of the three, relative to the sequential. I think it plays out a little bit differently on mobile versus web. On mobile we really increased the number of ads as a percentage of the overall mobile experience quite modestly in the third quarter versus the second quarter. On web, the increase in the number of ads, or the percentage of ads, in the web News Feed experience went up more significantly than mobile did in the third quarter versus the second.

Answer_6:

    The experience with video on Instagram has been very positive so far. And I think that we proved through that, that having clips that autoplay can be a good experience in line in a feed. And that people really feel like they're in control of the experience because they can just scroll away if they don't like the content. If it's good content then that can be really good. So we're heartened by that. This is an important launch for Facebook overall because the addition of video content to the stream could be one of the most positive things that we've done in a long time for making it more engaging. But if we do it poorly, then it could also be a negative thing. And we're trying to take our time to make sure that we do this in a very positive way, and I'm pretty confident that we will. But that's why you're seeing us take the process that we have on this

Answer_7:

    I'll add on video ads, we do have a video ad product today because anyone can embed a video in page posts. And we're actually seeing very good results, particularly around entertainment and media. This is driving some of out ad spend. And the area remains pretty exciting because this is a very compelling way for marketers to tell their story.

Answer_8:

    Doug, you asked about what we mean when we say ad volume won't increase. The first thing I would say is I would frame that in the context of as a percentage of the News Feed experience. So, obviously, if we can drive more engagement, that provides more opportunity for us to show more ads. In general, I think your questions referenced whether this was geographic. The ad load in News Feed is reasonably consistent across the world. It's a little bit less in the least developed markets because we have less advertisers there. But it's not grossly different. So, I think that that comment holds generally across most of the markets where we make our advertising dollars. 
In terms of relative to the 5%, what we said last quarter was that of the total volume of stories in News Feed, about 5% of those were ads. As I said on the last question, the mobile piece of that didn't change very substantially in the third quarter versus the second. The web percentage did go up. So, if you mix those two together, the Q3 number would be modestly higher than the 5% number from Q2.

Answer_9:

    Hi, Mark. In terms of OpEx growth, we're continuing to invest aggressively in the business with particular emphasis on technical hiring and building out our infrastructure. At the same time, we're trying to do this in a disciplined fashion, making sure that all the investments we make and the dollars we spend are spent wisely in terms of furthering our mission and creating returns for the Company. I'm really quite pleased with how things are going in that regard in 2013. From an R&D standpoint, we're really on track or, if anything, ahead of where we expected to be in terms of hiring and spend. And that's really the most important area for us in terms of investing to drive future growth. 
In other areas of the business such as cost of revenue, G&A, marketing and sales, I think we're ramping up spend less than we anticipated for a couple of reasons. One is better success than we expected in some of the efficiency projects that are helping to keep the Company small even as revenue ramps up. A second reason is some slower than expected ramp up in both hiring and new projects. And then the third contributing factor is just we have in the budget some expectations for the unplanned stuff that comes along that can drive spend, like an asset acquisition or something like that. And we really haven't spent as much money as we expected in the unplanned areas.

Answer_10:

    And for your question about how do we make the knowledge that's been shared in Facebook more useful, the first thing we needed to do is just index it all and build the infrastructure to start being able to use it in different ways. The first beta for Graph Search we'd indexed more than 1 trillion connections, friendship connections, group memberships, live connections. Then for post search we indexed more than 1 trillion of the posts that people had put into the system. The basic insight that we think we're operating on here is that right now a lot of the behavior and engagement on Facebook is very day-to-day. You're sharing something, and Facebook is the best place for you to share photos or an event that's going on in your life. And for you to go to News Feed and see what's going on with the people around you. But what's happened is that over the past almost ten years of this behavior, this amazing base of knowledge has been built up -- and it's trillions of pieces of content and information -- that now we're just trying to find different ways to expose that and basically make that more useful to people instead of just the stuff that has been shared in the last day or so. So, Graph Search is one way that you can see that coming to light in terms of people being able to do directed queries for different types of content. There are other kinds of services that we think we can build, as well, that just give people more utility from this corpus of knowledge that's been built up. And that's going to be a big focus for us over the next few years.

Answer_11:

    We care a lot about that, and in terms of the shareholder value that we're generating, as well. And I think the recent results -- and what I said at the end of my remarks there was that we're going to keep on planting seeds for future growth while continuing to build momentum now. And I admit that's a philosophy that we've taken in terms of building the Company. We generally want it to be profitable and such. But I don't think we're going to commit or have any specific guidance on this right now.

Answer_12:

    On your question about the graph, the graph that people share on Facebook versus the web overall, I think they're pretty different. So, in terms of quantity, they're getting to a pretty comparable size. So, engineers on the Graph Search team have told me, folks who have worked on other web search engines before, told me that the scale of things like post search are as big or bigger than any web search index that's out there. But I know they are just different use cases with different kinds of knowledge, and people are going to use them for different things. So, our approach with Graph Search is not to build something which is web search. We think that companies have done that and they're doing a good job at that. But there's different kinds of knowledge, things that you'd want more opinion on from people that you trust, that I think it's latent inside Facebook that we need to do a better job of surfacing that. So that's going to be the focus on that. Over time, there are a lot of possibilities for things that we can do. And I'm not really ready to talk about a lot of them today. But you can look at what we've launched in a couple of Graph Search launches that we've done so far. And we're pretty early in that journey.

Answer_13:

    And, Carlos, the second part of your question was about draft legislation or discussion about companies needing to store data locally in various countries. It's an interesting question and definitely something we're tracking. But the answer is really going to depend on the details of what that looks like. It's very hard to assess what kind of implications it would have for a company like Facebook without understanding what we would need to do. So, we'll continue to pay close attention to it but really hard to give you anything in the way of a specific answer at this point.

Answer_14:

    Last quarter we reported that we had 1 million active advertisers. And that number continues to grow, and continues to grow healthily. We believe globally we have 20 million small businesses and local businesses of some kind who have pages. So obviously just a fraction of those are advertisers. And I think it's one of the most exciting opportunities in front of Facebook. It's really hard to get small businesses to use technological products. And 20 million small businesses are using us. And we haven't gone out and done aggressive sales efforts to make that happen. Going from having a page that you're using for organic distribution to paid distribution is something we're very focused on. It's why we roll out these simple products. And I think our track record at doing that is good and we plan on getting better at it.

Answer_15:

    Sure, Ross. I think if you look back over the last year, some of the metrics that I think been most positive for us have been, as we've ramped up from a very low volume, very few ads shown in News Feed to larger numbers, what one could reasonably have expected, given the way the auction dynamics work, is that the pricing would really come down as we were delivering more clicks, and as we were diving deeper into the pool of advertising demand. And the way pricing has really held up, and click-through rates have filled up, and CPCs have held up as we've progressed through this over the last year, I think, has really validated our confidence that News Feed ads were going to be a really important product, that could really drive the performance of the business. So, we remain really encouraged and pleased by that. 
Going forward, clearly we will try to continue to grow the user base, as you described. And that's been an important part of our revenue growth since the Company started. And the other opportunity is for us to continue to improve the quality, the relevance and the performance of the ads, and to drive up pricing by bringing more demand into our system. We're certainly, I think, doing a good job of that right now, and we've got to continue to execute.

Answer_16:

    To the first question, it's really both. In order to measure all the way from seeing a Facebook ad through to a purchase, particularly one that's off-line, that takes work and tools on our site, including the data systems. And it also takes thinking about measurement on their side. The industry overall is moving. We've been really pleased to see more embracing of multi-click over last-quick attribution. You can see that happening with a number of big players in the industry. The PMDs are really important here. The PMDs are good at helping people and helping marketers measure. But, really, the develop of measurement systems, take our measurement, take industry measurement. Particularly for brand advertisers, they also takes some rethinking of the ways they have measured ads and ads performance before. And we work very closely with our clients on that. 
On mobile app install and mobile engagement ads, we are very focused on growing across the board. We want growth in all of our marketer segments, and we want growth that's broadly across the world. Developers are a really interesting place for us because we think not only do we have, we think, the best mobile ad product in general, because people spend a lot of their time in News Feed, they spend more time in News Feed than they spend in any other part of our service, that gives us an opportunity to sell ads broadly. But it also gives us a great opportunity for developers. Because what developers want people to do happens on their mobile phones and on the desktop. Mobile app install ads have been very successful for us. And they're interesting because the mobile app install market didn't even exist a few years ago. I think the move to roll out engagement ads further deepens our relationship with developers. And shows that we can help get them users, and then we can get those users to continually use their products. So we're pretty excited about this part of the market because we think it can grow so quickly. And we think our ad products and offering is so unique.

Answer_17:

    The launch of hash tag was more just following behavior that we see from people. All we really did was take hash tags that people were putting into the product and make them linked so that people could find other posts that had the same tag. The effort that I think you're latching onto is basically we are putting some more effort now into both public content on Facebook and more private content. So, there are a bunch of different sets of people that a person will want to share with. One is all of their friends. But a lot of the sharing and communication that's done is one-on-one in messaging, or with small groups, or with  a community. And then there's a large set of content that's public, which is often very high-quality content, as well. And we have efforts in all of those areas to make it that people can share all of those different kinds of content on Facebook. And that's going to be something that we're going to continue to do.

Answer_18:

    You're asking about the effectiveness of some of the public content efforts that we've done. I think it's starting to do very well and we're very pleased with it. Some of the questions that we've gotten have asked if this is an area we've started focusing on recently, which actually it isn't. It's something we've been working on for a while. But I think the question is a sign that the results are starting to be quite good and folks are starting to notice the traffic that we're driving and the higher-quality content that's public that people are coming across on Facebook. So we're going to keep on focusing on this. It's not just about public content. It's about giving people the power to share with every different audience that they want, whether it's the most private, one-on-one communication and thread, up to the most public content that you want to get out for everyone in the world to be able to consume. We're just going to keep pushing on all of that

Answer_19:

    To your second question, direct response, including e-Commerce, continues to perform well. We have high click-through rates, competitive CPCs, so we're attractive for marketers. When you think about verticals, I think we have really tremendous opportunity in basically all of them. Things that are performing particularly well right now -- financial services, media and entertainment, e-Commerce, professional services. But even if you look to a vertical like auto that we haven't historically been strong in, I think we're starting to make real inroads client by client, like the Alfa Romeo case study I showed, because we have such a great opportunity to engage the people they want to reach. Our targeting is also getting better. So with custom audiences and partner categories we're able to identify -- here are the people you want to show your ad to who we believe are in the market to buy a car, for example. So the combination of the measurement work we're doing and the ability to target, I think means we have a strong play in every vertical.

Answer_20:

    What we announced last week is a small test with 10 advertisers to start showing ads in the Instagram feed. And we're excited about it because there's a lot of interest and a lot of excited brands. When you think about ads being exciting and engaging, I think we think about two things. We think about ads that fit the format of the product that they're part of. So, the Instagram ads right now are the pictures and videos, which are exactly what people post on Instagram. If you look at the progress we've made with our News Feed ads, those ads, those in the size, the shape, they got larger when they moved over from the right-hand side, right-hand column. But they're also meant to be as exciting, as engaging as the content. So, our goal is we want our ads to be as good as the user-shared content. Some of them are, a lot of them aren't. We have a lot of room to grow in improving that quality. But in terms of the excitement you'll see, or the interest, that is our goal. And we're just going to match the format of the product we're working with as we roll out ads.

Answer_21:

    We don't break out our business by marketer segment and we don't give margins by marketer segment. But to help answer your question, we've seen strong growth across all of our marketer segments. All of them are growing. Brand's growing, direct response and eCommerce are growing, SMB and local businesses are growing, developers are growing. We definitely think there is a big opportunity, both to grow same-store sales of our large clients, particularly with the shift that's happening from TV to digital and mobile. We think that there's a really exciting opportunity. We also think SMBs are a big opportunity for us. And certainly in an advertiser base of over 1 million advertisers, the great majority of those are obviously the small- to medium-sized businesses. 
We worked hard on our sales effort so that we have the right sales and support effort to meet our clients. We care about our margins. Certainly simplified products, such as we've rolled out over the last year, make it easier and cheaper for SMBs to use our products. Easier for them and cheaper for us. And we will continue to focus on the automated tools that help. 
I think the most important thing we've done on this goes back to an earlier question about focusing on marketer objectives. Before, we were asking marketers to come in and choose what ad products they were buying. With our shift to focusing on marketer objectives, it's easier for everyone from the largest to the smallest. A small business owner can come in and say -- I want my app installed. Or -- I want web conversions. Or -- I want web click. And then we are doing the harder work of figuring out what products are there, figuring out which of those ads should have social context so that we can meet those objectives. I think that move of moving more towards using their language and focusing on their business needs is a simpler product for them. It will help gain us more marketers and it helps us work with them in a more efficient way.

Answer_22:

    Great, that's it. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.

