Question_1:

    Thanks for taking my questions. The unit growth in the quarter, I believe, was around 25%, which was a deceleration, notable versus the last couple of quarters, I believe the comp even got a little easier. Any -- can you give, provide any color as to the dynamics in the quarter that may have drove that?
And then, try to get a sense of how to think about the magnitude of the Prime price increase? Maybe if you could give us a sense of the base of subscribers that that would be applied to? And then lastly, on shipping demand, is there anything that Amazon will do differently next holiday season to try to smooth out the pace of demand late in the holiday shopping season?

Question_2:

    Good afternoon. This is actually Robert on the call for Neil. A couple questions. If you could maybe talk a little bit about the impact of refunds or incentives given to customers to make up for some of the goods that arrived late in the holiday season? Also on Prime, with respect to the increase, would you consider phasing that in, applying to perhaps just the new members at first? And also, would you consider giving an installment option to maybe soften the blow? Thank you.

Question_3:

    Great, thanks for taking the question. Just want to follow-up on Prime as well, and was hoping, Tom, that you could give us some color on how newer Prime members -- you have obviously added a lot of them over the recent quarters, but how newer cohorts of Prime members act relative to older cohorts? And in particular, if they convert sort of as quickly, and if they are spending on a similar kind of early trajectory as your more tenured Prime members? And then also, can you just comment on the -- I believe the constrained sign-ups in 4Q on Prime? Thanks.

Question_4:

    4Q, I think you talked about sign-ups being constrained in the quarter?

Question_5:

    Thank you.

Question_6:

    Hi, Tom. A couple questions starting with -- I will continue the trend with Prime questions first. You mentioned higher shipping costs being a driver of potentially higher prices in the US. The US Prime service is also the only one that has Kindle Lending Library and video, and was just wondering if potentially those additional services have led you to think about increasing price as well, to potentially further bolster either or both?
And then secondly, International CSOI has been on a glide path lower over the last few years. And as has that happened, the organic International growth rate has moderated during the same period. And I am just wondering, going back to the decision to embark on the International investment cycle, if you anticipated the current revenue growth rate that you are experiencing? And if not, where are the areas in the business where you could point to, that we would begin to see growth that is not yet evident in International business? Thank you.

Question_7:

    Thank you.

Question_8:

    Great. A couple things, I was hoping you could talk about your initiatives with AmazonFresh, what you are seeing in the Bay Area, and Los Angeles so far? Are you seeing more units per customer? And then, maybe talk a little bit about the International Kindle Stores. Could you start to see better Media results, as you have built out that infrastructure? Thank you.

Question_9:

    Great. Thank you.

Question_10:

    Thanks. It looks like 1P gross margins, ex shipping expanded nicely year-on-year again. I was wondering if you could talk to some of the margins of -- what some of the drivers of 1P gross profitability getting better? And how should we think about the sustainability of that over time? Thanks.

Question_11:

    Thank you.

Question_12:

    Great. Thank you. I have a couple questions, with the potential price change of Prime in US, would Amazon consider offering Prime Instant Video separately? And in terms of Prime Instant Video, can you discuss the change in marketing spend for the service on a year-over-year basis, 4Q 2013 versus 4Q 2012? And then, just in the North American electronics and other goods segment, could you call out any particular categories that drove the growth? Thank you.

Question_13:

    Great, thanks. And the North American and electronics and other goods segment, just wondering if there are any particular categories that drove the growth?

Question_14:

    Yes. I will just stick with the EGM category in North America. It looked to us like it decelerated relatively sharply. I thought you were going to call out some areas of weakness there. Is there anything that caused that growth rate you would call out, that caused growth rate to decelerate on an easy comp? And then, Tom, did you want to call out anything related to weather or UPS, or did you think that those impacts were immaterial to the business in the quarter? Thank you.

Question_15:

    Did you want to call out anything related to weather and UPS?

Question_16:

    Thanks, Tom.

Question_17:

    Thank you. Two quick questions. Your CapEx was just slightly higher than last year same period if you correct for the real estate purchase, even though the business overall grew 22%, and you said AWS grew very fast. Does this relative decrease in CapEx signal an expectation that AWS is going to grow slower?
And secondly on, again the Prime price increase, if you have tens of millions of Prime users that increasing price at least $20 with no incremental expense. That's quite a good chunk of money. Do have specific plans to reinvest that money? Thank you.

Question_18:

    Thanks, Tom. Going back to Prime, as you consider the price increase, do you think the brand is such that you would be willing to price-tailor it or tier it, based on the value that is offered, and the sort of services you provide to certain customers? And then second, on the categories, I believe you called out a few quarters earlier, that Clothing in particular was one, and third-party Clothing had picked up a lot. Did you see that this holiday, just given the importance of that core category in the season?

Question_19:

    There is no prohibition to that, but you sort of like it the way it is?

Question_20:

    Great. Thanks for taking the question. So I wanted to follow-up on AWS, and talk a little bit on pricing. And while it is certainly coming down, and efficiency has improved. But I believe AWS is sold in hour increments. I think Google's complete solution is sold on a per minute of use. So I was wondering if you thought about maybe changing the way AWS is charged to maybe per minute?
And then a quick follow-up on just fulfillment centers. If you could just remind us what you ended the year with, and if you have any plans for this year? Thank you.

Question_21:

    Thank you.

Question_22:

    Hi, thank you. Two quick questions, how much of the slowdown in revenue and unit growth was a function of the shorter shopping season in Q4? And then in terms of raising the price on Prime, how much of that might be based on customers reaction behavior, after recently raising the threshold for free shipping to $35?

Question_23:

    I am curious if the potential price increase on Prime, and your confidence in doing that, and that it wouldn't impact the adoption of Prime, how much of that is tied to the early results of raising the shipper saving threshold to $35 from $25?

Question_24:

    Thank you.

Question_25:

    Great. Thanks for taking my question. So when we think about shipping costs, I know you are talking about raising the rate on Prime. But you just indicated that you added seven fulfillment centers in 2013 on a net basis. As you get closer to the consumer, and you shorten the ship miles, how should we think about the benefit on shipping expenses, from just having more fulfillment centers closer to the consumer?

Question_26:

    Thank you.

Question_27:

    Great, thanks. In terms of digital content, how are exclusive titles and original series driving user growth in Prime memberships? And any color on what kind of engagement dynamics you are seeing across the different platforms? Thank you.

Question_28:

    Sure. In terms of digital content, I am just trying to figure out how some of your exclusive content and titles are driving user growth in Prime memberships? And any color just on, what type of engagement you are seeing across the different platforms via PC, tablet, et cetera?

Question_29:

    Great, thanks. Tom, you mentioned the strong growth in AWS. Looking at the deceleration in the North America and other line, how should investors think about the relative growth of AWS versus the advertising and financial partnership that are -- that make up the rest of that segment? And then, just on the Fresh with LA and San Francisco's fulfillment centers carrying a number of non-perishable SKUs, what does Fresh do for your same-day fulfillment capabilities in those markets?

Question_30:

    Great. Thank you.

Question_31:

    Thank you very much. Two questions, please. First, have you seen any impacts from the use -- from the rise of the Google's PLA this quarter? And second, are you using Kiva's technology in the -- your food distribution centers, particularly for perishables -- for perishables, excuse me? Our understanding that it is not optimized for that, but is that true? And if not, are there any other solutions outside of Amazon that do that optimally? Thank you.

Question_32:

    And on the PLAs?

Question_33:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_34:

    Thanks, Tom. Just a quick high-level question. So consumers in smartphone markets are spending about half their time on mobile these days, and a lot of that is coming off of PC. And I am sure that is a great kind of new customer acquisition channel for you.
But in terms of existing Amazon customers, are you seeing purchase frequency for physical products go up, because of having phones with you all day? Or is it just swapping off of PC and into these newer channels? Thanks.

Question_35:

    Good afternoon. Could you just remind us, on just -- from a kind of a high-level philosophy, the trade-off between revenue growth and earnings? We -- I think investors typically think that you see this as very -- all of your markets as nascent, and profitability is kind of a distant thought. Is that still the case? And any guidance in terms of how to think about that over the next 2, 5, 10 years? Thank you.

Question_36:

    Yes.

Question_37:

    Got it. Thank you.

