
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me today to discuss our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and Dave Wehner, CFO.
Before we get started I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release, our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC.
Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumption as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release.
The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investor.fb.com. And you now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.

Thanks, Deborah, and thanks, everyone, for joining today. We started 2016 off well. 1.65 billion people now use Facebook every month, and 1.09 billion people use Facebook every day. In recent weeks we're also consistently seeing more than 1 billion people using Facebook on mobile everyday.
We're also pleased with our business results. Total revenue this quarter grew by 52% year-on-year to $5.4 billion. And advertising revenue grew by 57% to $5.2 billion. I'll have more to say about these results in a minute, but first I want to talk about a proposal by our Board of Directors to reclassify Facebook stock.
At F8, I talked about our mission and how the work we're doing to connect the world is more important today than it's ever been. I walked through our 10 year road map, focused on building the technology to give everyone in the world the power to share anything with anyone. Bringing people together and giving everyone a voice takes long-term commitment. Not just over the next few years, but over the next few decades.
We're focused on the long-term, and that's the main reason for today's proposal. Facebook has always been a foundry-like Company, so we can focus on our mission and build long-term value. This structure has served our shareholders well. Early on we received some generous offers for companies trying to buy Facebook and our structure helped us resist that pressure.
More recently, we navigated a challenging transition to mobile but because we were a controlled Company we were able to focus on improving the user and product experience of our apps first and then build a strong mobile business over time, rather than being forced to do something short-sighted. And over the years, our structure has helped us make big bets on acquisitions like Instagram that were very controversial initially but were good decisions for our community and our business.
Facebook has been built by a series of bold moves. And when I look out at the future, I see more bold moves ahead of us than behind us. We're focused not on what Facebook is but on what it can be and on what it needs to be, and that means doing bold things. A lot of what we're building today in the areas like connectivity, artificial intelligence, and virtual and augmented reality, may not pay off for years, but they're important to our mission of connecting the world, and I'm committed to seeing this mission through and to leading Facebook there over the long term.
Personally, there's another element to this. While helping to connect the world will always be the most important thing that I do, there are more global challenges that I also feel a responsibility to help solve to create a better world for my daughter and all future generations. Things like helping to cure all disease by the end of the century. Upgrading our education system so it's personalized for each student and protecting our environment from climate change.
That's why Priscilla and I created the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative and committed to give 99% of our Facebook shares to advance human potential and promote equality. Today's Board proposal will allow us to maintain and improve the voting structure that has served us well and allow me to fund the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.
In December, I also announced that I won't sell more than $1 billion worth of stock -- Facebook shares -- per year over the next three years. That's still my commitment and I'll update our shareholders on future plans beyond that. Dave will talk more about the mechanics of this proposal in his comments in just a few minutes.
But before we get there I want to also share a few more thoughts on the progress we've made this quarter. As I said before, our road map has three horizons. Over the next three years we're going to keep investing in our most developed ecosystem, the Facebook app and platform. Today, people around the world spend on average more than 50 minutes a day using Facebook, Instagram and Messenger, and that doesn't even include WhatsApp yet.
This growth isn't happening because we came up with just one or two big changes. Our team has just worked day after day on lots of improvements over a long period of time, and that progress continued in the first quarter. We launched reactions to help people express themselves in more ways, and we improved how our products work on different mobile networks and devices all over the world.
Sheryl will talk more about this in a minute, but now more than 3 million businesses are using our advertising products every month. We've expanded our measurement capabilities so more businesses can see the results they get from ads. We've made it easier for small and medium businesses to use the same targeting tools and ad formats that our larger advertisers use.
Over the next five years we're going to build ecosystems around our products that are already being used by a lot of people. We're at the beginning of a golden age of online video. Video isn't just a single kind of content. We think it's a medium that allows people to interact in a lot of new ways. So that's why in addition to normal internet video, we're also focusing on more interactive video experiences, like live and 360 video.
I'm a big Game of Thrones fan, and the other week HBO and our Oculus team came out with a 360 video of the opening sequence of the show, and it's now the most watched 360 video on Facebook in any 24 hour period with more than 12 million total views.
Earlier this month we opened up live to everyone. Live is just one part of our overall video effort. But we think it has a lot of potential. Friends go live because it's unfiltered and personal. Actors and news anchors go live because they can reach bigger audiences, in some cases, than they can on even their own shows. If we do a good job, we think it's something that people will associate with Facebook. With interacting with people and not just watching content.
But it's also a very new and small part of all of the videos that we see on Facebook today. I'm also really excited about what we're building around messaging. Right now we have two of the top messaging apps in the world. 900 million people use Messenger every month, and 1 billion people use WhatsApp every month. Between Messenger and WhatsApp, People send around 60 billion messages every day. That's almost three times as many message as SMS handled at its peak.
Over the past couple of weeks we've talked about steps we're taking to build messaging into a platform that developers and business can build on. We announced bots for Messenger that let you do things like order flowers or get news without leaving your Messenger thread. But this is all very early and we're rolling these experiences out carefully and slowly over time.
We're also very happy with the way that Instagram is growing with more than 400 million actives and more than 200,000 businesses advertising every month. Now we're focused on making the user experience even more engaging. With more content on Instagram all the time, people are currently missing about 70% of what's in their feed. So that's why in the first quarter we started rolling out feed ranking to help you see more of the posts that you care about.
And this is a long-term effort, but news feed shows that ranking creates the best and most engaging experiences for our community. Over the next 10 years we're going to keep investing in new technology to help everyone connect. As part of Internet.org we're building an open source Telco infrastructure, a project called TIP, to make it cheaper to operate mobile networks. Free Basics, which helps people access tools for education, health information and communication for free, now features more than 600 services and it has brought more than 25 million people online. That makes it one of the most successful connectivity initiatives in the world.
We're also working to help people connect and share in a more natural and intuitive way. Artificial intelligence is a long-term effort for us, but we're already using it in lots of ways. Right now our Moments app is using face recognition to help you share pictures with your friends. We're using AI to show the most relevant content in news feeds, filter Spam and messaging and even help blind people understand what's in their friends' photos by reading explanations of them allowed.
Finally, we're building technology and virtual and augmented reality that can change the way that we all experience the world. Gear VR started shipping late last year and the response so far has been great. There are now hundreds of apps built specifically for Gear, and people have watched more than 2 million hours of video on it.
In Q1 we also started shipping Oculus Rift. We've got a lot of great content with more than 50 games and apps built Rift. And again, this is very early and we don't expect VR to take off as a mainstream success right away. I Really want to emphasize that. Most Rift early adopters are gamers and developers, but eventually we believe that VR is going to be the next big computing platform and we're making the investments necessary to lead the way there.
So that's our update for the quarter. As always, everything we do is focused on our mission to make the world more open and connected. And to get there, we're building technology that brings people together and that helps everyone in the world share anything they want with anyone.
It takes a long-term commitment and it won't happen overnight, but we're in a strong position and I'm excited about what's next. So thank you to everyone in our community, to all of our teams, all of our partners, and all of our shareholders for everything you're doing to help connect the world. And now here's Sheryl.

Thanks, Mark, and hello everyone. We had a great first quarter and a strong start to the year. Q1 ad revenue grew 57% or 63% on a constant currency basis. Mobile ad revenue reached $4.2 billion, up 75% year-over-year and is now approximately 82% of total ad revenue. Our growth was strong across all verticals, marketer segments and regions, particularly North America and AIPAC.
We remain focused on driving our clients' businesses, moving their products off shelves, both in stores and online. A big focus for us in 2016 is helping our clients understand the true business impact of their ads, especially on digital. We're pleased with the progress we made in Q1 across our three priorities. Capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers using our ad products, and making our ads more relevant and effective.
First, capitalizing on the shift to mobile. Consumers have shifted to mobile and businesses know they need to catch up. We hear from marketers that figuring out mobile today is like figuring out TV in its early days, but given where consumers spend their time the question now is not t if they should market on mobile but how. One of the drivers of the consumer shift to mobile is video. People are sharing and creating nearly three times more video on Facebook than they were a year ago, and as of February, the time people spend watching videos on Instagram increased by more than 40% over the preceding six months.
This presents a big opportunity for marketers. The best marketers understand that people watch video differently in mobile feed than on TV. They create ads that grab attention in the first few seconds, sometimes even without sound. What we now thumb-stopping creative. For example, Nestle took their TV ad for Natural Bliss coffee creamer and in less than a day edited for mobile feed by creating a new opening and adding text overlays to relay their message without sound.
They showed both the original TV ad and the mobile ad on Facebook. The original TV ad drove a 4 point increase in ad recall. The mobile optimized version, however, drove an even stronger 10 point increase in ad recall and a 7 point increase in product awareness. We want to help marketers optimize their video ads. For example, we know that on average captioned videos increase view time by 12% so we introduced auto captions to generate captions for video ads.
In Q1 we introduced new ad formats like Canvas Ads. Canvas Ads showcase products by combining video images and call-to-action buttons. While it's still early, we're pleased with the results and are seeing adoption across many verticals. To motivate millennials to take on do it yourself projects, Lowe's and DVDO targeted 25 to 34-year-old homeowners with Canvas Ads that let them see bathroom designs, discover the products in each design, and tap to purchase. The ads were so engaging that people spent an average of 28 seconds interacting with them and Lowe's saw a 6.7 times return on ad spend.
Our second priority is growing the number of marketers using our ad products. This quarter we announced that we have over 3 million active advertisers on Facebook and over 200,000 on Instagram. A significant number of these advertisers are small and medium businesses. These businesses use our platform because it's easy and affordable for them to connect with their consumers on mobile.
We're also making it easier for SMBs to use the same targeting tools and ad formats that our most sophisticated advertisers use. We're seeing even small businesses use products like Lead Ads, Slide Show and Dynamic Product Ads. Our third priority is improving the relevance and effectiveness of our ads.
Last year we introduced conversion lists to measure how Facebook and Instagram campaigns drive business objectives like sales. We've seen clients across verticals from retail to auto use conversion lift to measure and improve the return on their ad investment. Chase Bank used conversion lift to measure how effectively their Super Bowl ad drove credit card applications. They found that combining Facebook video adds with their TV ads drove 1.5 times more conversions than TV ads alone.
In Q1 we expanded or list capabilities by testing list API, enabling more partners to measure the effectiveness of more of their campaign. We're pleased with the value we're driving for our partners and the progress we're making across our three priorities. Helping marketers make the shift to mobile will take time. We have a lot of hard work ahead and we'll continue to invest.
I want to thank our clients around the world for their partnership and congratulate our global teams on the results of their hard work. Thanks, everyone. And now here's Dave.

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. We're off to a great start in 2016 led by the ongoing growth and engagement in our community and continued momentum in our ads business. In Q1 we generated $5.4 billion in total revenue and delivered over $1.8 billion in free cash flow.
Let's begin with our community metrics. In March 1.09 billion people used Facebook on an average day, up 16% compared to last year. This daily number represents 66% of the 1.65 billion people who visited Facebook in the month of March. Mobile continues to drive our growth. Over 1.5 billion people accessed Facebook from mobile devices in March, up 21% from last year.
Before diving into our quarterly financial results, I wanted to highlight that beginning this quarter I will focus my prepared remarks on our GAAP results and our all financial metrics are GAAP unless otherwise noted. The primary difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP metrics is stock-based compensation. Stock-based compensation plays an important role in how we compensate our employees, and therefore we view it as a real expense for the business. We will continue to provide a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial metrics in our press release and earnings slide. All of our comparisons are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted.
Q1 total revenue was $5.4 billion, up 52% or 58% on a constant currency basis. Ad revenue in Q1 was $5.2 billion, up 57% or 63% on a constant currency basis. This marked a slight decline from the 66% constant currency ad growth rate we experienced in Q4. In Q1 this year we benefited from an additional day due to the leap year which contributed approximately 2% to our year-over-year ad revenue growth rate.
North America and Asia-Pacific were our fastest growing regions with advertising revenue growth of 64% and 62% respectively. Europe and Rest of World grew advertising revenue more slowly at 49% and 35% respectively, with the latter particularly impacted by foreign exchange headwinds. Setting aside currency headwinds all regions exceeded 50% constant currency ad revenue growth.
Mobile ad revenue was $4.2 billion, representing approximately 82% of total ad revenue. Mobile ad revenue grew 75%, driven by strength from Facebook's news feed. Our mobile ads business continues to be driven by the combination of both supply-side and demand-side factors. On the supply-side, we continue to see healthy growth in the number of people using Facebook, time spent across our products and app load.
On the demand-side, we believe the investments we have made to improve our mobile advertising solutions are helping drive value for both people and marketers. We are seeing growth in both new customers as well as existing customers who are spending more with us on average compared to last year. In Q1 the average price per ad increased 5% while total ad impressions increased 50%.
The recorded increase in price is being driven by the continued mix shift towards mobile, which contains higher price news feed ads rather than the mix we have on PCs of both news feed ads and lower price right hand column ads. The increase in impressions was driven by strong growth in mobile add impressions and was offset partially by a decline in ad impressions delivered on personal computers consistent with the ongoing declines in PC usage.
The increase in -- total payments and other fees revenue was $181 million, down 20% compared to last year. This decline was mainly driven by a reduction in payments revenue related to games played on personal computers. Q1 total costs and expenses were $3.4 billion, up 29%. We ended the quarter with approximately 13,600 employees, up 35% compared to last year.
Q1 operating income was $2 billion, representing a 37% operating margin. Our Q1 tax rate was 27%, down from our full year 2015 tax rate of 40%. Our Q1 net income was approximately $1.5 billion or $0.52 per share. In Q1 capital expenditures were $1.1 billion, more than double compared to Q1 of last year. Server purchases and data center construction were the largest contributors to year-over-year growth.
New builds in Texas and Ireland along with the expansion of existing facilities will nearly double our current data center footprint when completed. In addition to servers and data centers, investments in office facilities also contributed to the year-over-year growth. We ended the quarter with $20.6 billion in cash and investments.
Turning now to the outlook. First, some color on revenue. We remain focused on creating value for the people and marketers who use our services. We expect that the main drivers of advertising revenue growth will continue throughout 2016, but we will face tougher comparables as the year progresses given the accelerating ad revenue growth we experienced throughout 2015.
Payments and other fees revenues will continue to face headwinds throughout the year, given that the substantial majority of that revenue relates to payments from games played on personal computers. Even with the expected contribution from Oculus, we anticipate that our payments and other fees revenue for the full year 2016 will come in lower than the level in 2015.
Next, onto the expense outlook. Our expense guidance remains unchanged. We expect that full year 2016 total GAAP expense growth will be approximately 30% to 40%. We expect full year 2016 amortization expenses to be approximately $700 million to $800 million and full year 2016 stock based compensation expenses to be approximately $3.1 billion to $3.3 billion.
If you take into account our GAAP expense guidance as well as our amortization and SBC guidance, you'll see that our full year 2016 total non-GAAP expense growth guidance range remains unchanged at 45% to 55%. We anticipate full year 2016 capital expenditures to be at the high end of the $4 billion to $4.5 billion range we gave last quarter as we invest to support the rapid growth of the business. We expect our Q2 and full year 2016 tax rates to be similar to our Q1 rates.
In summary, 2016 is off to a great start for Facebook. Our results reflect healthy growth and engagement in our community, strength in our ads business, and investments we're making to capitalize on the long-term opportunities we see ahead. Before going to questions, I wanted to touch briefly on the share reclassification that Mark discussed at the beginning of the call. As we disclosed in the proxy statement we filed today, our Board of Directors has approved a proposal for the reclassification of our capital stock that would involve the creation of a new class of publicly listed non-voting Class C capital stock.
Pending stockholder approval, we intend to issue two Class C shares as a one-time stock dividend for each outstanding Class A and Class B share, resulting in a tripling of the pre-reclassification total shares outstanding. All stockholders would be treated equally. The net effect of this transaction would be to establish two publicly traded classes of Facebook stock, one representing the current Class A shares, and the other representing the non-voting Class C shares.
Since the Class C shares would have the same economic rights as the Class A and Class B shares, we would expect that after the payment of the stock dividend, the share price of the Class A common stock would generally reflect a three-for-one stock split. This will have no effect on the voting interests related to shares that investors currently hold. As Mark mentioned, this structure will allow for the preservation of the voting structure that has served the Company well to date, while allowing for Mark to fund the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative over the course of his lifetime.
Importantly, as part of this proposal, the preservation of the multi-class capital structure would be generally predicated on Mark continuing to maintain an active leadership role at Facebook. Let me talk about next steps.
The reclassification would be conditioned on approval by a majority of outstanding votes held by Company stockholders, and we anticipate a vote on the matter at our annual meeting to be held on June 20th this year. A record date for this dividend would be determined at a later date. With that, Chris, let's open up the call for questions.