
Hello and welcome to our Q4 2016 financial results conference call. Joining us today to answer your questions is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO.
As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2015.
Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, February 2, 2017 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
During this call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website. You will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.
Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we have seen to date, and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions. Our results are inherently unpredictable, and may be materially affected by many factors. Including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer spending, world events, the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce and cloud services, and the various factors detailed in our filings with the SEC.
Our guidance also assumes, among other things, that we don't conclude additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings or legal settlements. It is not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services, and therefore, our actual results could differ materially from our guidance.
And just briefly before we move to questions, I would like to address our Form 10-K that we will be filing with the SEC. We received a comment letter from the SEC's Division of Corporate Finance regarding our 2015 Form 10-K, and have subsequently been engaged with the SEC staff regarding our disclosures.
We will be revising the disclosures of net, product and service sales in our Form 10-K. As a result, we expect to file our 2016 Form 10-K later than we typically have, but before the SEC's due date of March 1. These changes relate to our entity-wide disclosures and do not impact the financial results that we report for the Company or our segments.
With that, we will move to Q&A. Operator, please remind our listeners how to initiate a question.