
Good morning. Thanks to everyone on the phone as well as the webcast for joining us this morning for the first quarter results. Hopefully everybody had a chance to review the earnings release documents that are available on the website.
Before I turn the call over to Brian and Bruce, let me just remind you we may make forward-looking statements. For further information on those please refer to either our earnings release documents, our website or other SEC filings.
So with that, let me turn it over to Brian Moynihan, our CEO, for some opening comments before Bruce goes through the details. Brian?

Thank you, Lee, and good morning and welcome everyone to the earnings call for our first quarter of 2015.
I am going to start on slide two. So the highlights are there. We earned a $3.4 billion after tax in the quarter, which is up both on a linked quarter and year-over-year basis. We continue to work to drive growth in all our core businesses. We are beginning to see it overcome the run off with non-core portfolios in many areas. At the same time, we continue to focus on managing expenses carefully. As a result, we are beginning to see more predictable earnings with more improvement expected ahead.
Both capital and liquidity remain at record levels in our Company. We expect to return more capital to shareholders this year than we have in the past.
Revenue on an adjusted basis was $21.9 billion for the quarter. From the top of the house, revenue remains challenging in an environment with below trend economic growth and rate environment which comes from that. In addition, we remain faithful to our customer strategy with strong risk management and risk appetite to ensure we do not repeat the outsized credit losses of the past. With that said, we are seeing our core business stabilizing across the drivers of the revenue.
This quarter we saw continued growth in our wealth management revenues and a rebound from the fourth quarter in trading revenue. In our loan and deposit areas, we saw continued core growth albeit subject to continued spread contraction.
Our expense management efforts continue. The year-over-year expenses, excluding litigation costs, are down 6%. Including litigation costs, year-over-year expenses are down 30%. We continue to see our efficiency efforts drive forward beyond New BAC through our simplified and improved program.
We also continue to see progress on LAS expense. As proof of our efforts for the quarter we ended with our headcount at a little under 220,000 full-time employees, a reduction of 4000 employees for the quarter, about 2% and 19,000 employees year-over-year, or 8%. For the quarter this reduction came to about 35% from LAS and about 65% from the rest of the Company. To put it in a broad context, we are approaching employment levels where we were in early 2008 prior to bringing in over 100,000 people from Countrywide and Merrill acquisition. We are doing that to the investments we are making in technology to reduce costs and they continue to take hold. And we will continue to drive this effort even as the economy continues to improve and rates rise helping keep balance to our operating leverage.
During the last year even while we were reducing those costs and headcount, we continued to invest in the client facing growth capacity in this Company. We've added financial advisors in U.S. Trust and in Merrill Lynch, focused on building for the future. We have added commercial bankers in all our Global Banking areas to help fill in our franchise. We have added new financial centers in areas of opportunity and we continue to invest in products and innovation as well as efficiency. A simple example is our Consumer Mobile Banking space where we now have 17 million mobile banking customers, up over 2 million from last year.
Turning to slide three, you can see what we simply need to do. Each of the four core lines of businesses on the left-hand part of the slide earned above our cost of capital for this quarter. In addition, the aggregate earnings for all those businesses were $4.4 billion after tax. The LAS segment had a much smaller loss this quarter showing we are making progress.
The other area on the right-hand side of the slide has affected this quarter by the impacts of retirement eligible incentive costs and the market related NII adjustments which affect top of the house earnings. They are booked there in distributed business over the quarters. But this shows that we need to keep working LAS to get it to break even and the other will take care of itself in subsequent quarters.
Turning to slide four, with regard to CCAR, as previously disclosed, we received a conditional non-objection to our capital plan. We received the approval for our requested capital actions that we requested in the original submission, a dividend of $0.05 per share and $4 billion of stock repurchase on the relevant periods. As you can see, the cushion we have increased from about $2 billion last year under the tightest constraint to over $22 billion this year, in both of those cases under the tightest constraint after all capital actions.
These quantitative results bode well. However, the conditional approval is an area with which we are focusing. We are focusing our energy to the September resubmission and beyond. Our efforts are well underway. We are bringing additional resources to task. We simply have to be the best at CCAR to meet our shareholder objectives in our Company. To ensure that we achieve that success, I have asked Terry Laughlin to lead our efforts. As many of you know, Terry helped us clean up the mortgage issues over the last several years.
I can assure you that our Board and management are extremely focused on our resubmission and our core process improvement for CCAR 2016 next year. Terry has retained a team of external experts, increased the internal staffing to ensure we are successful. We have had in depth discussions with our regulators regarding the particular specified issues that we need to remediate with the resubmission and we are focused on getting that done by September.
With that, I will turn that over to Bruce.

Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to start on slide five. As Brian mentioned, we recorded $3.4 billion of earnings in the first quarter or $0.27 per diluted share. That compares to $0.25 a share in the fourth quarter of 2014 and a loss of $0.05 if we go back to the first quarter of 2014. I'd like to note a few items as you review these results.
Both first-quarter periods include $1 billion in expense for the annual cost of retirement eligible incentives awarded. This was $0.06 in EPS impact in each of the first-quarter periods. The first quarter of 2015 also includes a negative market related adjustment to net interest income of $484 million for the acceleration of bond premium amortization on our debt securities that is driven by lower long-term rates. That cost us $0.03 in EPS during the quarter.
The other large item that is worth noting as you look at the comparisons is the outsized litigation amount of $6 billion in the first quarter of 2014.
I'd like to spend just a moment on total revenue comparisons. Our first quarter of 2015 revenue on an FTE basis if we exclude the market related adjustment to NII and a small DVA adjustment, was $21.9 billion during the quarter. If we compare that to the fourth quarter of 2014 and adjust for the same items, revenue is up $1.7 billion or 8% and that 8% increase is attributable to a rebound in sales and trading results as well as higher mortgage banking income and is offset somewhat by lower net interest income mostly from two fewer days during the quarter.
If we compare back to the first quarter of 2014 and we further adjust for $800 million in equity investment gains as a result of monetizing a single strategic investment in the year-ago period, revenue is now a couple hundred million dollars or 1% and that is from lower net interest income and lower sales in trading results.
Total noninterest expense during the quarter was $15.7 billion and included the $1 billion in retirement eligible costs as well as $370 million in litigation expense. I will go through the comparisons from an expense perspective several slides back.
As we look at provision for credit losses during the quarter, they were $765 million and included $429 million in reserve release versus $660 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Preferred dividends during the first quarter were $382 million and as you all look to update your models given the preferred issuances that we have had the majority of which pay semiannually as you look at preferred dividends, they should be roughly $330 million in the second and fourth quarters and $440 million in the first and third quarters going forward based on our existing preferred footprint.
Let's go ahead and move to slide six on the balance sheet. Our balance sheet was up slightly to $2.14 trillion and that was driven almost exclusively by cash balances associated with the deposit growth that we saw during the quarter. We continued our focus on balance sheet optimization for liquidity as we continued to ship some of our discretionary portfolio first lien loans into HQLA eligible securities.
Loans on a period end basis were down modestly reflecting good core loan activity in both our Global Banking as well as our Wealth Management segments. That was more than offset by seasonally lower card balances in our discretionary consumer real estate area as well as run-off portfolios.
Deposits were up $34 billion or 3% from the end of the year and some of that obviously has to do with seasonal tax activity. We issued $3 billion of preferred stock in the quarter that benefitted regulatory capital and as you look at common shareholders' equity, you can see it improved driven both by earnings growth as well as improved OCI. As a result of these factors, tangible book value increased to $14.79, 7% higher than 12 months ago and our tangible common equity ratio improved to 7.5%.
The last point that I would note is that we did add a slide in the appendix as we updated our capital allocations across the segments coming into 2015 and the returns that we show you are reflective of those updated capital allocations.
Let's go ahead and flip to slide seven and go through loans. From several calls, we are as frequently about the decline in reported loans which are down modestly again from the fourth quarter levels as you can see in the upper left-hand chart. I want to make a few points though as we go through this.
As we have discussed many times, much of the movement in loans has been driven by two pieces of non-core loans. The first relates to shifts in our discretionary mortgage loan levels that are used to manage interest rate risk and predominantly recorded in the all other unit. Many times based on the investment decisions that we make, these loans are replaced with debt securities on the balance sheet.
The other component as you look at loans to consider is the run-off that we have within our LAS unit, which are mostly home equity loans. As these home equity loans go away, it enables us to reduce our operating costs as we have less work to do.
As you can see over the past five quarters, these non-core loans have declined approximately $59 billion. If you adjust for that $59 billion though, and I'll go to the upper right-hand box, you can see that our loans have actually increased by $21 billion from the first quarter of 2014. The bottom chart on this slide provides the mix of this loan growth across our primary businesses. And you can see within our Wealth Management area, we have experienced strong demand in both consumer real estate as well as securities based lending and that has led to year-over-year loan growth within that segment of 10%.
Within Global Banking, we saw modest growth on a year-over-year basis but importantly we saw a significant pickup in activity in the first quarter of 2015 relative to the fourth quarter of 2014. Over that time frame, loans were up $6.7 billion or 8% on an annualized basis.
We move to slide eight and take a look at regulatory capital. This quarter the standardized transition reporting includes the switch from reporting RWA under the general risk-based approach to Basel III and the capital number includes another year of phase-in for capital deductions. With those changes, our CET1 ratio was 11.1% in 2015 under the new reporting.
If we go ahead and look at Basel III regulatory capital on a fully phased-in basis, our CET1 capital improved $6 billion during the quarter and was driven by earnings, lower DTA, lower threshold deductions as well as an improvement in OCI. That translated under  approach to our CET1 ratio improving from 10% in the fourth quarter to 10.3% in the first quarter of 2015 while under the advanced approaches the CET1 ratio improved from 9.6% to 10.1%.
As you know from our 10-K disclosure, we are working with our banking regulators to obtain approval of our models in order to exit parallel run. Our regulators have requested modifications to certain commercial and other credit models in order to exit parallel run which we estimate would increase our advanced approaches RWA and negatively impact the CET1 ratio that we show here by approximately 100 basis points.
If we look at supplementary leverage, we estimate that at the end of the first quarter of 2015 we continue to exceed the US rules applicable in 2018. Our bank holding company SLR ratio was 6.3% and in our primary banking subsidiary, BANA, we were at 7%.
We turn to slide nine, long-term debt. At the end of the first quarter was $238 billion, down $5 billion from the fourth quarter of 2014. In the lower left box you can see that from a maturity profile perspective, we have $16 billion of parent company debt that matures during the balance of 2015 and we will be opportunistic as it relates to refinancing that indebtedness.
Our global excess liquidity sources reached a record level of $478 billion this quarter and now represents 22% of the overall balance sheet. The increase from the fourth quarter reflects the deposit inflows as well as the shift from discretionary loans into HQLA securities.
Within the liquidity, our parent company liquidity remains quite strong at $93 billion and our time to require funding is at 37 months. During the quarter, we did continue to increase our liquidity coverage ratios at both the parent as well as at the bank levels and at the end of the first quarter, we estimate that our consolidated company was well above the 100% fully phased in 2017 LCR requirement.
On slide 10, net interest income on a reported FTE basis was $9.7 billion, down a couple hundred million dollars from the fourth quarter of 2014 driven by two fewer interest accrual days during the quarter as well as some spread compression. If we exclude the previously mentioned market related adjustment, NII at $10.2 billion was largely in line with our expectations and lower than the fourth quarter of 2014 given two fewer interest accrual days.
Modest improvements in net interest income mostly from lower funding costs in the quarter were offset by some of the continued pressures that we saw in loan and securities yields as well as balances in new assets coming in at lower long-term rates. This drove the adjusted net interest yield to 2.28%.
If we look at the movement down in rates during the quarter, our balance sheet did become more asset sensitive compared to year-end such that 100 basis point parallel increase in rates from the end of the quarter would be expected to contribute roughly $4.6 billion in net interest income benefits over the next 12 months. Slightly more than half of that $4.6 billion is on the long end and just under half is based on the short end.
On slide 11, if we moved to expenses, non-interest expense was $15.7 billion in the first quarter of 2015 and included roughly $370 million in litigation expense. First quarter 2015 once again did include $1 billion in annual retirement eligible incentive costs consistent with what we saw in the first quarter of 2014.
Litigation expense during the quarter included FX and RMBS items and was significantly below what we saw a year ago, which included the cost of the [FHFA] settlement.
While we are on litigation, I do want to make sure that you notice this quarter that we did get one step closer on our Article 77 settlement as the Appellate Court approved the Bank of New York Mellon settlement in all respects and I would also note that the deadline for further appeal at this point has passed.
If we exclude litigation and retirement eligible costs, our total expenses were $14.3 billion this quarter, down nearly $1 billion from the first quarter of 2014 driven by three factors; continued progress on our LAS initiatives, our New BAC cost savings as well as lower revenue related incentives within Global Markets.
Relative to the fourth quarter of 2014, the expense level on an adjusted basis is up about $0.5 billion on higher revenue related incentives mostly for the improved sales and trading results on a linked-quarter basis. Our legacy assets and servicing costs, ex-litigation, were $1 billion. They improved approximately $100 million from the fourth quarter of 2014 and more than $500 million if we go back to the first quarter of 2014. And we remain on track to hit our Q14 target that we laid out for you of $800 million dollars in LAS costs, ex-litigation once again in the fourth quarter.
Beyond the LAS business, our teams continue to do very good work in optimizing our delivery network as well as our infrastructure and as you can see headcount was down 8% over the course of the last 12 months.
If we look at asset quality on slide 12, reported net charge-offs were $1.2 billion in the first quarter versus $900 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. I do want to note that the first quarter of 2015 included a net impact of approximately $200 million in losses associated with the DOJ settlement that was previously reserved for and that was offset in part by recoveries from certain NPL sales.
Our Q4 2014 included similar items but with the net adjustment positively benefiting net charge-offs to the tune of about $163 million. If we adjust for all these impacts, our net charge-offs during the quarter were $1 billion dollars, which is slightly lower than what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2014.
Our loss rates on the same adjusted basis were at about 47 basis points in the first quarter of 2015 consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2014. In both our consumer delinquencies as well as our NPLs declined from fourth-quarters levels.
On the commercial front we did see a slight pickup in reservable criticized exposure from the fourth quarter of 2014 as we bounce off comparatively low levels.
The first quarter of 2015 provision expense was $765 million. We released $429 million in reserves. Most of those reserve releases were in our consumer real estate portfolio, while we did see a modest increase in reserves in the commercial space that was associated with the strong loan growth that we saw during the first quarter.
We can flip to slide 13 on consumer banking. Hopefully last week you all saw and had a chance to review the filing of our recasted segment results. We mentioned to you during the last earnings call that we made changes in segment reporting where we moved the Home Loans into our Consumer Banking segment from CRES, which left our legacy assets and servicing as a standalone segment. We also moved the majority of business banking from Consumer Banking to the Global Banking segment which is how we manage the business. All of these changes have been made retroactively.
Let's go ahead and walk through then the business segment results starting on slide 13 with Consumer Banking. The results showed solid bottom-line performance with earnings of $1.5 billion, which is up slightly from the year-ago quarter and down seasonally from the fourth quarter of 2014, which tends to be a better consumer spending quarter. Business generated a solid 21% return on allocated capital.
Total revenue was lower compared to the first quarter of 2014 from a decline in net interest income. Two-thirds of that decline in NII was a result of pushing out in the allocation of a portion of the market-related NII adjustment to the deposits business.
Our non-interest income was stable compared to last year, reflecting good growth in both mortgage banking as well as higher card income, but was offset by a portfolio divestiture gain last year of roughly $100 million in the first quarter. Expenses were managed tightly and non-issue expense declined from the fourth quarter of 2014 as we continue to reduce our financial centers and the associated costs driven by consumer behavior patterns shifting to more digital.
The number of mobile banking customers continues to increase. We ended the quarter at roughly 17 million and these -- activity from these customers accounts for roughly 13% of all deposit transactions.
Page 14 we have added some additional slides here to give you a sense as to some of the trends that we are seeing in the business and key drivers. You can see we remain a leader in many aspects of our consumer bank, doing business with nearly half of all US households.
We look at fees compared to the first quarter of 2014, card income was up modestly despite some Affinity portfolio divestitures over the last year. Our card issuance remains very strong. Our balances did decline as our customers began to pay down holiday spend balance levels and our net charge-offs remain low at 2.8% and risk-adjusted margins remain high.
If we move to mortgage banking income, it was up 60% as originations for the Company ramped up during the quarter. Year-over-year first mortgage originations were up 55% to $13.7 billion while our home equity line and loan originations increased 62% to $3.2 billion.
The revenue improvement was driven by these increased volumes as well as the mix of first lien originations that was 76% weighted towards overall refinance activity. And looking forward, the pipeline remains strong, up 50% from the end of the year.
Moving to service charges, service charges were down versus the fourth quarter of 2014. This fee line continues to be muted as more of our customers take advantage of our reward plans and are opening accounts with higher balances. We also continue to reduce the number of less profitable accounts serviced and migrate customer activity to more self-service channels. As a result, we are getting the same or slightly better account fees and debit interchange from fewer accounts, which is allowing us to reduce our infrastructure.
Expense is declining and if you look at cost of deposits, it has dropped from just less than 2% in the first quarter of 2014 to 1.87% in the first quarter of 2015.
And lastly, as you can see while we are bringing down our overall headcount in this business, I want to note that we have been increasing our sales specialists in the financial centers and their sales are driving client balances higher. For example, our deposits are up 5% from the first quarter of 2014 and our brokerage assets are up 18%.
If we moved to slide 15, Wealth Management, it generated earnings of $651 million during the quarter. If we compare this to the first quarter of 2014, there's a $78 million decline as the solid fee growth that we saw during the quarter was offset by lower net interest income and higher expense. Once again, the allocation of the market-related NII adjustment drove the decline in NII, which more than offset the benefits that we saw from solid loan growth.
Our asset management fees continued to grow driven by strong client flows and higher market levels. Our non-interest expense increased from the first quarter of 2014 as a result of higher revenue related incentives as well as investments in client-facing professionals.
Our pretax margin was down 23%, down last year largely impacted by the decline in net interest income. Return on allocated capital remains strong at 22%.
If we look at the activity and drivers within Wealth Management on slide 16, you can see our management fees continue to grow and are up 10% from the first quarter of 2014 but this is partially offset by some of the sluggishness that we've seen in transactional revenue within the brokerage line. We do continue to be an employer of choice in this business increasing financial advisors by more than 850 individuals over the course of the last 12 months.
Our client balances climbed to over $2.5 trillion, up $12 billion from the fourth quarter of 2014 driven by strong client balance inflows. Long-term AUM flows at $15 billion for the quarter were positive for the 23rd consecutive quarter.
And as I mentioned earlier, when we discuss loans, we continue to experience strong demand in both our securities based and residential mortgage lending areas of the business reaching a new record level in loans during the quarter.
On slide 17, our Global Banking earnings during the quarter were $1.4 billion, which generating 16% return on allocated capital. Earnings were up 6% from the first quarter of 2014 as the decline in net interest income was more than offset by lower expense as well as improved provision expense.
As we look at NII, the year-over-year decline was driven by three things: the allocation of the market related to NII adjustment, which I have touched on in previous segments; the push-out of the firm-wide LCR requirements, a good chunk of which goes to Global Banking as well as some year-over-year compression in loan spreads. Our provision expense was lower than the first quarter of 2014 by $185 million as we did not build reserves to the same magnitude as we did in the first quarter of last year.
Non-interest expense was down 8% from the first quarter of 2014 driven by three factors, lower technology initiative spend, lower litigation as well as lower incentive costs.
Moving to the Global Banking metrics on page 18, we chart the components of revenue which show stability across the quarters with the exception of NII, as I just mentioned. Our investment banking fees companywide during the quarter were $1.5 billion, down 4% from the first quarter of 2014. I would highlight during the quarter we recorded the highest level of advisory fees since the Merrill merger, up 50% from the first quarter of 2014. This helped to offset the drop that we saw within our leverage finance business as a result of the regulatory guidance that was implemented during the first half of 2014.
Equity underwriting was also up nicely, up 10% from the first quarter of 2014. And as you look at the balance sheet, loans on average were $290 billion, up modestly on a year-over-year basis but if you look linked quarter, as I mentioned earlier, we had a fair bit of momentum ending the first quarter with balances up $7 billion on a spot basis from the fourth quarter of 2014.
The $7 billion improvement was broad-based. We saw middle-market utilization rates at levels that we have not seen for six years at this point so we feel good about that. And within commercial real estate, we saw linked quarter improvement as well.
On slide 19, Global Markets, we earned $945 million on revenues of $4.6 billion in the quarter. That was an 11% return on allocated capital during the quarter. Our earnings were up nicely from the fourth quarter of 2014 but down from the first quarter as our revenue was down 7% excluding net DVA and FVA. The decline from the first quarter of 2014 was driven by lower fixed sales and trading results.
On the expense front, non-interest expense was modestly higher year-over-year as we had $260 million in litigation expense in the quarter. Ex litigation, expenses were down 7% on reduced levels of revenue related incentives.
If we look at the Global Markets metrics on slide 20, sales and trading revenue of $3.9 billion ex-DVA and FVA as I mentioned was up nicely off fourth quarter of 2014 levels but down 5% from the first quarter of 2014. Fixed sales and trading was down 7% on a year-over-year basis while equities was effectively flat with the year-ago period.
Within the macro related product areas like FX and rates, there was a solid return in volatility and client trading activity in the quarter while the credit spread traded products area experienced lower activity in line with lower issuance levels during the quarter. And as you look at and we lay out a mix between macro and credit in the upper box, upper right-hand box and you can see that our activity tends to be more heavily weighted towards credit spread trading given the position that we occupy within the issuer market.
And the last point I would make on markets, our asset levels were fairly flat while VaR was below the level that we experienced last year.
Slide 21, Legacy Assets & Servicing, you can see we saw improvement in revenue and expense trends compared to both periods within Legacy Assets & Servicing. The loss in this segment narrowed to less than $240 million. Revenue improved as both rep and warrant was down $156 million from the year-ago period and we had a more favorable MSR hedge performance. Those two factors were partially offset by lower servicing fees as we continue to reduce the servicing portfolio.
Non-interest expense ex-litigation was $1 billion in the quarter once again improving approximately $100 million from the fourth quarter and more than $500 million since the first quarter of 2014. Importantly, our 60-plus days delinquent loans were 153,000 units but were down 36,000 units or 19% from the fourth quarter of 2014.
If we move to slide 22 All Other, All Other reflects a loss of $841 million and that includes once again the impact of the annual retirement eligible incentive costs as well as some of the market-related NII impact. If we compare this quarter to the first quarter of 2014, revenue is lower by about $683 million and that was driven by nearly $700 million in equity investment gains in the first quarter of 2014 compared to essentially nothing in the first quarter of 2015 and it was partially offset as well by the absence of payment protection costs this quarter compared to about $141 million in the prior-year quarter.
From a modeling perspective, the effective tax rate during the quarter was about 29% and as we look out during the balance of 2015, we would expect the tax rate to be roughly 30% absent any unusual items.
So I would just wrap up the prepared part of my comments that as we end the quarter, we end the quarter with record capital. We end the quarter with record liquidity. We will begin our $4 billion share repurchase program this quarter. The team is very focused on addressing our CCAR resubmission. Expense management remains a key focus across the Company. Our businesses are showing good activity including a pickup in lending across several businesses in the Company, credit quality remains strong and we remain well positioned to benefit in a rising interest rate environment.
And with that we will go ahead and open it up for questions.