Answer_1:

    Yes, thanks, Stephen. No, I don't have a usage growth number for you. We'll say we're -- it's been very strong. AWS revenue is on a -- just short of a $10 billion run rate at the end of Q4.
As far as pricing is concerned, we had a price reduction in January for our EC2 services. It was our 51st price reduction since we launched AWS years ago. And generally, what we find is that price is important, but so is speed and agility for customers, and the ability to deliver services and features that are beneficial to them. I will point out that we added 722 new features and services in 2015, and that was up 40% year-over-year. So we feel we have a lead in this space. And we don't take it for granted, and we want to serve customers better each year.

Answer_2:

    Sure. Well, what I can say is our approach to pricing has not changed. And through Q4, we did everything we could to have the best prices available for customers, and in-stock in time for the holiday. Another dynamic of Q4 was that, it was a huge FBA quarter. Nearly 50% of our third-party units were FBA, and our third-party units were also up to 47% of our paid units, so up 400 basis points year-over-year.
So a really strong quarter for our FBA sellers, using our FBA services. It did put a lot of demands on our warehouses, and we were full. It was a very busy quarter, and it did increase some of our variable costs as a result, primarily in the US. But a very strong quarter for FBA. It exceeded our -- even our expectations.

Answer_3:

    I'm sorry. You cut off there. Could you repeat your question?

Answer_4:

    Nothing specific. I will say, one interesting enhancement this year was our Prime Now service, which allowed people to order in selected markets up until 11:59 on New Year -- or excuse me, Christmas Eve. So that was a valuable service to many late shoppers, last-minute shoppers.

Answer_5:

    Sure, Aram. Thanks for your question. I would say that -- what we've found, is in order to properly serve our customers at peak, we've needed to add more of our own logistics to supplement our existing partners. That's not meant to replace them, and those carriers are just not -- no longer able to handle all of our capacity that we need at peak. They have been, and continue to be great partners, and we look forward to working with them in the future.
It's just we've had to add some resources on our own. You mentioned trucks. The Amazon trucks, we did invest in those this past year. We use those primarily for movement between our warehouses and our sort centers.

Answer_6:

    No. And again, keep in mind, that the fulfillment as a percent of revenue is impacted by the calculation of FBA revenue being a net number, as opposed to a full revenue number. But our fulfillment costs per unit actually decreased year-over-year. It's just that we are now shipping more and more of our -- other than demand, out of our warehouses because of the strength in retail and FBA.
On gross margin, I -- first, I'll caution you and say, we would encourage you to look at free cash flow which was -- it grew at a minimum $4 billion on each of the metrics that we point out. And Op profit, which was up 88% year-over-year. If you look sequentially, also keep in mind that in Q3, when it was up about 500 basis points year-over-year, that was lapping the write-down of our Amazon phone inventory the prior year. So there was a little bit of noise in the Q3 number. But generally, again, we're happy with the ability to service customers, the reaction of customers in Q4, and the bottom line results that we had.

Answer_7:

    Sure. Let me work backwards -- don't give guidance by segment, so cannot really comment on AWS specifically in Q1. The -- and the operational improvements -- excuse me, the gross margin -- the operating margin year-over-year that we've seen in the AWS business has been heavily driven by operating efficiencies, both purchase reductions and purchase prices, and also efficiency in driving greater utilization of the assets that we have. So we're very happy with that.
Keep in mind that we did have -- although the year-over-year increase in capital expenditures and capital leases was not as great as we saw in 2013 to 2014, we did spend over $9 billion on those -- on capital, and expenditures and capital lease obligations, up from prior year was -- excuse me -- 

Answer_8:

    Sorry, let me finish my answer to him, please? We grew up, we grew from in the $5 billion range in 2013, to $8.9 billion in 2014, and now over $9 billion in 2015.

Answer_9:

    Sure. We're very thrilled with the customer response to Prime Video. Again, when Prime Video is used by our Prime members, it drives adoption and retention, higher free trial conversion rates, and higher renewal rates for subscribers. So what we were encouraged by in Q4 was that globally, we doubled the number of -- our Prime members doubled the number of viewing hours of the Prime Video year-over-year. And internationally, we had twice as member Prime members streaming year-over-year. So very encouraged by the pick up, and the response of customers.
The other comment I would say about video is, we're very happy with the Amazon studios content, in particular. We've had some great success in 2014 and 2015. As you probably know, Transparent has won multiple Golden Globes and Emmys, both for actors and for the show itself. Mozart in the Jungle just won two Golden Globe Awards.
So very pleased with the critical acclaim to the Amazon Studios content, and we've got a lot of new content coming out this year. Catastrophe Season 2, Bosch Season 2, we're all looking forward to. And in February, we will have Chi-Raq, our first original movie that we got to work with Spike Lee on, which won many critical -- made many critics' Best Films list in 2015. That will be coming to Prime Video in February.

Answer_10:

    Just to add to that, this is Phil. On your question about the streaming partners program, so that's our new over-the-top streaming subscription program for Prime members. We think it's a really convenient way for them to access additional content, content from sources like ShowTime and Starz. And it's really early, so it's just out of the gate, but we've been very pleased with what we've seen so far.

Answer_11:

    Sure, Mark. Thanks for your questions. No macroeconomic comments. Again, we feel we're very encouraged by the customer response to our offerings in Q4.
Amazon business, yes, in April, you may remember we launched it as a marketplace, with specific features and benefits for businesses. That -- Amazon business now serves more than 200,000 businesses, from small organizations to Fortune 500 companies. So it's still early, but we're encouraged, and we think we're creating some value, a lot of value for our business customers.

Answer_12:

    Yes. Sure, Mark. Thanks for your question. We are very pleased by the international growth, 22% FX neutral, was up 1,000 basis points year-over-year. We saw that the -- we told you that the Prime growth, Prime membership growth, 50% in -- excuse me, 51% globally. 47% in the US means that the international Prime programs grew at a faster clip than that. So very, very pleased with the uptick.
We rolled out a lot of additional Prime features internationally as well this year, from free same-day, to Prime Now, to Prime Music, and Prime Video in Japan, to name a few. So very happy with that. But in general, if I step back, our investments in national are twofold.
First, there's the Prime platform and all the features I just mentioned, including the fulfillment, adding more fulfillment resources to handle higher and higher retail volumes, and a very strong FBA program as well. And then, the remainder -- the biggest other investment area is obviously India. And we like -- we continue to see, like what we see in India. In Q4, Amazon India was the top e-commerce site in India, throughout the very busy -- Diwali shopping season, including the shopping season, according to comScore.
And sales by sellers in Q4 were greater than all of 2014 combined, in Q4. So seeing great progress with downloads, innovations for sellers and customers alike. And we like the ramp there, and we're continuing to invest in India.

Answer_13:

    Sure. Let me start with EGM. So EGM growth, North America EGM growth of 28% was actually also the highest in the last four years. So we're happy with that.
The deceleration you're seeing of 700 basis points is more a function of the Prime Day that we had in Q3, if you remember. We didn't break it out by segment, but we said that Prime Day contributed 200 basis points to our Q3 run rate, revenue growth rate. So sequentially last year, in North America EGM, we dropped from 31% to 27%.
This year, it's 35% to 28%. So there is always a -- generally, a sequential drop in Q4. But certainly very happy with that business and its role in Prime as well, in total customer satisfaction.
Your other question, investments. Yes, we continue to have healthy investments as we've stated across the globe. To step back again on that, our general philosophy is, we want to find things, businesses that customers love, that can grow to be large, will provide strong financial returns, and are durable. They can last for decades. We think Prime is that, we think Marketplace is that, we think AWS is that, and we are constantly looking for a fourth or fifth business that fits that criteria.
But as we continue to invest primarily in, as I said in Prime, the Prime platform, Prime features for customers, expansion for fulfillment capacity, as we build out to support 26% unit growth in Q4, for instance, and much greater FBA share, and not to mention all the investments in AWS, we are constantly looking for cost efficiencies, in fixing variable productivity. I think a thing to think about is, the investments will ebb and flow over time, but our focus on cost reductions and improvement on customer experience will be constant.

Answer_14:

    Sure. Let me work backwards from your footprint question or comment. We have -- we just announced Korea as a region. And we'll be adding five more regions in the next, in the future, in the near future as we mentioned. CapEx, let me start with that first. CapEx, we've seen great efficiencies in capital expenditures, in particularly in AWS. And we continue to work on better purchase efficiencies and driving utilization rates in our data centers.
CapEx, as I mentioned, grew quite a bit in 2014. It grew even more to over $9 billion, across all of our capital expenditures and capital leases in 2015. From the new regions, they are not the major driver in any way. Most of our capacity, and capital and capital leases in AWS is to service existing regions, and existing customers' demand growth. But there's certainly expenditures when we open up new regions. Some of that is not always in the year that we open the region, so we spent a good bit on those new regions already in 2015.
But as far as pricing, there's no capacity constraint. And I would a little bit dispute the deceleration comment on the -- yes, on a percentage basis, 69% is lower than Q3. But as I've said before, we're approaching a $10 billion run rate in this business. On a dollar basis, we continue to grow. We saw the greatest growth year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. And again, we continue to invent, it's not all about price-- we continue to innovate on behalf of customers, and see great customer response.

Answer_15:

    So in terms of -- this is Phil. In terms of expectations, I think we were pleased with what we saw this Q4. And if you look at what we gave for guidance, we were in the upper half of the range there for revenue. So no real call outs there. I think, what was your second part of your question?
Oh, and mobile, we said for a long time continues to be a tail wind for the business. We're working very hard to make sure that it's very easy for customers to buy the things they want to buy, and access a lot of the features they have grown accustomed to on the website. And so, we're very focused on the convenience factor. And if you look at some of our new offerings like Prime Now that's available through a mobile app, and very, very convenient for customers. And as Brian has mentioned, allowed them to shop even up to Christmas Eve, and then have their items delivered in two hours.

Answer_16:

    Carlos, this is Phil. So your question about the AWS margins, that business as they continued to learn, and as we continue to invent and get better at designing and operating the infrastructure and assets, we have been able to drive costs out of that business. And so, that's one of the primary drivers of the improvements that you've seen in margin year-over-year.
There is also an FX tail wind in there as well, which I think was about $60 million this quarter, which would contribute on a year-over-year basis, which really arises, because we're largely priced in dollars, but have assets with local currency costs throughout the world. As for the streaming content, we haven't given another update this year, and haven't given any commentary on the profile quarter to quarter.

Answer_17:

    This is Phil. So on the Dash buttons, we're really excited about what we're delivering there. I think, as you saw in the release, there are some new devices that take advantage of the underlying service, that we think will be really convenient for sellers, and interesting for device makers. We're excited about what we're building there. I don't have any stats for you today.
On the Twitch side, we continue to let Twitch do what Twitch does best. And so, don't have any updates on numbers there, but they continue to really engage customers, and offer a really unique experience, which was one of the reasons we were attracted to them to start with.

Answer_18:

    Yes, I'll take that. So we ended the year at 123 fulfillment centers, up a net 14, and we have 20 -- excuse me, 23 sortation centers in the US, up 4 year-over-year.

Answer_19:

    Yes, my comment on ebb and flow was more about the investment, and also including capital expenditures and capital leases. So not around gross margins. And merely, I was pointing out that again, we've laid out all the invested areas, where we're seeing heavy investment. We continue -- we see the continuation of that certainly, into 2016 and beyond.
There are quarter-to-quarter and even year-to-year fluctuations in some accounts, and some investment areas. But generally, we're pretty transparent on where we're investing our dollars. And against that backdrop, we are always looking for efficiency. And the nice thing about growing the top line at such a high clip, is we have a lot more areas for opportunity to save money year-over-year. And we always look to do that.

Answer_20:

    And this is Phil. On the Kiva question, the last update we've given is more than 30,000 robots. We continue to be really pleased with the program, and like what it does in the warehouse, both from a density of storage, as well as from making the jobs easier for the associates who are picking packages, by bringing the packages actually to the associates. But no new numbers on that.

Answer_21:

    Sure. First, on guidance, we keep it pretty, a consistent process on how we look at guidance, and how we estimate the near-term view of the business. I will point out that Q4 is obviously, a very large quarter, the largest revenue quarter by far of the year. There's a lot of demand that comes in the last six weeks of the year as well.
So very, very little visibility at the time of guidance when we do the call. So we are using are best projections on a lot of fronts. We think it's a similar -- we know it's a consistent process. And there are times, when we under-run and sometimes we over run it.

Answer_22:

    On the -- this is Phil. On the category mix question, obviously, category mix does play a role in gross margin. I would say though, that we're much more focused on operating profit dollars, and free cash flow dollars, as we've probably talked about before.
The gross margins are impacted by first-party versus third-party mix, as well as AWS mix, if you're looking at the total for the Company. So we're much more focused on the dollars. And no specific categories we're calling out, as a driver for gross margin, because, again, we're much more focused on the profit dollars.

Answer_23:

    So we deliver, really quickly, a couple of ways. One is the free same-day, that you've seen us roll out in a number of markets in the US. The other is Prime Now. And we're now in more than 25 metropolitan areas for Prime Now. Delivering for free in two hours is difficult and expensive, but customers love it.
So we feel like this is the natural evolution of our delivery, and we're happy to invest in that service. We like what it does for Prime members. We like the convenience factor. And so, we're taking a long-term approach, and doing what we normally do, which is really focus on continuing to drive greater and greater efficiency.

Answer_24:

    Sure. Yes, again, I'll point out that the demand for FBA services was very high, nearly 50% of our third-party units, again were FBA. And the demand for space and services was very large by our seller base, which was great from a lot of standpoints, and it did exceed our expectations. But did make our warehouses rather full, and did cause us to incur some additional variable costs in the US. And there is also the dynamic that we were fulfilling more of these units ourselves, at our warehouses because of the FBA growth, and the retail growth.

Answer_25:

    On the speed of delivery, this is Phil. All I can say is, the customers love the service. It's very convenient, and it gives them flexibility, and the ability to get products really quickly. I don't know that there's any big trends we are ready to call out at this point, but they seem to really, really like it. So we're encouraged by that. We're excited to invest in it, and excited what we can do for our Prime members.

Answer_26:

    So on the Echo, we like what -- how Echo has done. We're really excited about the ecosystem, and some of the skills that are being added to Echo, as well as some of the other devices that are taking advantage of Alexa, which is the brains behind Echo. So we like our device business in general.
As you probably saw from the press release, we had a good Q4, where we did almost double the, or double what we did last year, so very excited about the devices. We like that they pump more energy into Prime, and really the whole ecosystem. Not sure on the Internet of Things, but it's very exciting for devices standpoint. And the brains of Echo are in the AWS cloud. And so, Echo gets new capabilities all the time, as Alexa gets better and better.
On the restaurant delivery, it's just another great service we can offer for our Prime members. This is tied in with the Prime Now offering in a handful of cities at this point. And so, we have the delivery people going out and making the deliveries in the neighborhoods. And so, this is one more really valuable convenient service we can offer for our Prime customers.

Answer_27:

    Sure. Yes, as you say, the net shipping margin was up 70 basis points year-over-year. Again, this is all tied in with the increase in FBA growth, and the demand from Prime members. We're shipping more units -- more of our units, so this ripples through our ship cost per unit. And, again, the calculation of ship costs, as margin is a percent of revenue, and that is impacted by the denominator effect on the FBA sales, being booked at a net revenue.

Answer_28:

    Related to your Prime Now question, this is Phil. We're in more than 25 metropolitan locations. It's -- if you've been watching, this roll out has really happened in the last year, so it's been a pretty rapid rollout. We're excited to bring it to more places.
We don't have a target for you today, but we are working hard to bring it to more and more places. We're outside the US now in a handful of countries, in the UK and Japan and Italy, and working to expand. So it's a program we're really excited about, and we're happy to bring it to more customers.
Thank you for joining us on the call today, and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website, at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com, and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

