Question_1:

    Just wanted to ask two things. First, can you help us understand the mobile trajectory through Q4, just given the commentary you gave about exiting Q3 at a $270 million run rate, and doing more than $300 million in the fourth quarter? Did you open up more additional inventory in Q4 from the late Q3 levels, and did you see any notable change in pricing? And then can you also just comment on how you feel about the volume of ad load in the News Feed right now on both desktop and mobile, and perhaps in terms of baseball innings, where you think you are in terms of penetration? Thanks.

Question_2:

    Mark, in the comments you said you're looking at different types of media for ads. I was wondering at a high level, if you could talk about how that would potentially change the overall Facebook experience, and if you could give real examples for how these different types of ad units would come into play. And also, just separately, engagement. I was wondering if you could give us any update on how you're viewing engagement, or any change to how you measure it, and any views on how that's going through the quarter? Thanks.

Question_3:

    I had a question for  Sheryl and then a question for Mark. Sheryl, I was wondering if you could share with us what you've seen from FBX. I know it's still early, but what milestones you're looking to hit with this business in 2013? And then, Mark, just wondering where you think we are in terms of the social ad revolution, and when you look out over the next 12 months, what do you think could surprise you the most in terms of revenue opportunities that are ahead of you when you look out for 2013? Thanks.

Question_4:

    Thank you. I have two questions. Can you help us understand why ad ARPU in the US grew 27%, while it grew only 7% in Europe? Is Facebook that sensitive to macro? And on the platform, can you help me understand what metric you track to evaluate the progress and adoption of the Facebook platform outside Facebook.com? Is that the number of pages or objects tagged with Open Graph, and are you in a race with Google's Knowledge Graph to be the basis of the semantic web, or can both co-exist? Thank you.

Question_5:

    Two questions, please. First, starting with David. First, thank you for helping quantify the increase in operating expenses next year. I was wondering if you can help us with the trajectory of that spend throughout the year, how long do you think this investment cycle is going to be? Is it mostly 2013, or is this a multi-year cycle? Then maybe, Mark, maybe can you talk just about the video opportunity for Facebook, video in the News Feed that is. Where are you in that process, will that be something that organically you can do or would that require you to maybe acquire? Thanks.

Question_6:

    I had a different question on that regional ARPU slide, which is I guess wondering the pace or maybe where we are now from a Sponsored Story rollout, and relative ad load in the US relative to Europe and Asia? And then secondly, it looks like the absolute additions of mobile users and mobile-only users was quite strong in the quarter. It was up 25% in terms of mobile ads, and 30% in terms of mobile-only ads versus the third quarter, and Mark mentioned a few areas. I was just wondering if there's any one or two things that stand out in terms of driving that acceleration? Thanks.

Question_7:

    Great, thanks. I know it's very early stages, the rollout of the Graph Search, but any early signs of the impact that has had on engagement? And then, Mark, you mentioned just early on about the new products, maybe some mobile-specific products and features, any hint as to what those could be? Thanks a lot.

Question_8:

    Great, just one question for David, on the right hand rail revenue. So based on our math, the overall News Feed business may have been around $500 million-ish in the fourth quarter, which would imply about a 10% decline for right hand rail revenue. Does that make sense directionally? And if so, can you just talk about how you think right hand rail is likely to trend in 2013 and can the new ad tools like Custom Audiences help offset the desktop traffic decline that you're seeing in markets like US and Europe? Thanks.

Question_9:

    Mark, could you maybe tell us how far along you are in terms of developing tools, and providing more data metrics to large agencies and advertisers? And then, David, in terms of the gaming declines that we're seeing on Facebook desktop, is there an opportunity for Facebook to help monetize or to monetize games that are played on Facebook on the mobile site? Thank you.

Question_10:

    I have two questions. First one, could you talk at all to some of the engagement trends you're seeing within the demos? Specifically what are you seeing in the younger post college demos? Are their engagement trends per user still rising, or are they starting to show signs of leveling off? And then the second one is, when you look at your biggest categories of branded advertisers and where you're at this point, what do you see as still the biggest near-term opportunities where Facebook and social budget share is still low and pretty underpenetrated relative to your larger categories? Thanks.

Question_11:

    I have a couple questions. It definitely seems the mobile ramp slowed as the quarter progressed. Obviously, good numbers versus last quarter. Did you make an effort to maybe pull back some of the ad loads, or is there still a lot of opportunity to add more inventory in the mobile News Feeds, as we look forward? And then secondly, maybe you could just comment on the health of the Payments business. It looks like the US was up quarter-over-quarter, even if we back out the extra month, so was that some of the other new initiatives, or did the gaming business get a little bit better in Q4? Thank you.

Question_12:

    Thanks, a couple of questions. Any chance you can clarify more than just the impression volume metrics that you gave on FBX? Importantly, when do you anticipate mobile News Feed will be accessible through that platform? Separately, and given the promise of Gifts and e-commerce, why does it seem to be a business that you characterize as very small in the near term? What are the impediments to future growth so that you can call it big enough to matter or an important part of 2013 revenue mix? Thank you.

Question_13:

    Two questions. Mark, could you give us some examples of the kind of mobile first experiences you're working on that you mentioned at the beginning of the call? And also any comments on how integration with iOS 6 is benefiting your overall mobile strategy? Thanks.

Question_14:

    Thank you. Can you maybe give some color behind your decision to lower the price, the pricing floor, on the Marketplace? And also can I get just a clarification on FBX? Are you doing about a billion impressions per day? And then also within the 22% mobile number, is there any FBX within that? Thank you.

