
Good morning. Thanks for joining us this morning for our third quarter 2017 results. Hopefully, everybody's got a chance to review the earnings release documents that are available on the Bank of America website.
Before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul, let me remind you we may make some forward-looking statements. And for further information on those, please refer to either our earnings release documents, our website or our SEC filings.
With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Moynihan, our Chairman and CEO, for some opening comments before Paul Donofrio, our CFO, goes through the details. Over to you, Brian.

Thank you, Lee. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This was another strong quarter across the board for Bank of America. Responsible growth is delivering for our customers and for you, our shareholders, with strong operating leverage, strong credit results and strong expense management. We earned $5.6 billion or diluted EPS of $0.48 per share this quarter. That is up 17% from the third quarter of '16.
So thinking back and talking to a lot of you over the last year or so, as we met with you, you asked 3 basic questions: Can Bank of America actually grow while sticking to its responsible growth principles? Can we achieve the $53 billion 2018 expense goal? And can you meaningfully invest in the company at the same time you're reducing the costs?
So what I thought I would do is use the summary on Page 2 to answer a few of those questions. So on the first question, you can see on Page 2, will responsible growth work? I'd point to several of the metrics there. We've been operating on this model for some time.
First, if you look at this quarter compared to a year ago, revenue grew 1% on a reported basis. And looking at the core lines of business without other, we grew revenue 4% despite the tough comparison for Global Markets. If you remove the Global Markets, you can see that the core annuity-oriented businesses of Consumer Banking, wealth management and Global Banking grew revenue at 7%.
If you look at what drives that revenue growth, average loans in business segments grew 6% year-over-year. Average deposits grew 4% year-over-year, led by our consumer business, which grew its deposits 9% year-over-year. The assets under management -- our wealth management business reached $1 trillion this quarter, and flows into the assets under management were $21 billion in the quarter, bringing year-to-date flows to almost -- to $75-plus billion.
Our mobile usage continues to grow. We had 1.2 billion mobile interactions this quarter alone, up nearly 20% from last year and it's doubled in the last 3 years. Our investment banking fees were up 14% through the 9 months this year. And we did this the right way. With net charge-off ratio still bouncing along decade lows, we are growing with our risk framework and driving a strong risk culture. Nonperforming loans, at the lowest level since first quarter of '08, and our market risk remains low. So we are growing responsibly.
The second question we get asked is: Can you get to your expense target? In the second quarter of '16, we committed to achieving a goal of approximately $53 billion in total expenses by 2018, and that's all-in reported expense. At that time, our 12 months leading up to that point was running around $56 billion in expense, so that means we had to take out $3 billion in costs. This reduction meant we also had to overcome a couple of years of normal merit increases, revenue-based incentive compensation increases, health care cost increases and other inflationary costs such as lease renewals, et cetera, and we had to do all this while our volume increased because we're doing more with our customers and have more clients and customers to do business with.
And we remain on track. This quarter, you can see we reported a little more than $13.1 billion in expenses. Our efficiency ratio moved below 60% on an FTE basis. By the way, that is the lowest level of expense since the fourth quarter of '08. That was the last quarter before we bought Merrill Lynch. So we've reduced the costs in our company equivalent to the entire cost structure of Merrill Lynch over those years. Headcount is now down to 210,000  and is down again this quarter.
So the third question is: Can you continue to invest in the franchise while reducing those costs? So the first thing to think about there is, for the first 9 months of the year, we spent nearly $2.25 billion on technology initiatives. That's on pure initiatives. Look no further than the branch in your pocket for evidence of that. Customers using our mobile have increased 47% in the past 12 months. Mobile deposits account for 21% of all check deposit transactions. Digital sales account for 22% of all consumer sales.
In this quarter, Zelle came forward, the latest offering we have in mobile area. Bank of America's volumes alone, our volumes through Zelle this quarter were $4 billion in the third quarter. We processed nearly 14 million transactions, and the growth continues. We recently processed $0.5 billion in a single week. Our customers are using Zelle, and we look forward to further growth in that area.
We're also continuing to innovate. This -- we're rolling out auto shopping across the country. Home Loans mobile deployment is following that. And as we roll through the next couple of quarters, our AI, our artificial intelligence offering, Erica, will come out.
We continue also to invest in our physical network by refurbishing nearly all our existing financial centers, which is well underway and will complete over the next couple of years. We have been and we'll continue to open centers in markets where we a have strong commercial banking, wealth management client base but lack financial centers due to historical issues. We continue to enhance our online brokerage offering, benefiting consumer and wealth management clients.
For our Global Banking customers, we have added the availability of CashPro on our mobile devices. We're using artificial intelligence to efficiently prospect business clients and offer clients receivables -- client receivables management alternatives to our clients. We're investing also in enhanced wholesale credit underwriting operating model. And in our markets business, we are redoing the trading platforms in total.
In addition to the technology investments, we have added 2,000 primary sales professionals over the past 12 months, whether relationship bankers, financial advisers, commercial and business leaders. So yes, we're doing both, investing and finding ways to be more efficient to pay for it and, therefore, lowering our overall expense.
Now we did all this in an economic environment that still feels very constructive -- consistent, with growth at 2% plus. We expect moderate economic growth to continue this year, expect to grow -- the U.S. to grow a little faster next year, above 2%; and outside the U.S. as growing a little -- in the mid-3s.
For the year-to-date, interesting, in our consumer payments, we're seeing consumer activity pickup. Consumers are spending, whether it's checks written, cash taken out of the ATMs, P2P payments and all the different debit and credit cards, 5% more through the first 9 months of 2017 than they did in the first 9 months of 2016. That's a faster growth rate than it has been in prior years. Debit and credit card spending were up 7% for the first 9 months of the year, showing the strong consumer activity.
Our commercial clients continue to perform well. They continue to remain optimistic. They continue to look forward to continued implementation of a pro-growth agenda, particularly focused on meaningful tax reform. Housing starts, home prices continue to remain on positive trends. Employment is strong, and employers continue to search for skilled workers. So that leaves a solid atmosphere, and we see no near-term indications of any change to it.
As we move to Slide 3, we show that growing responsibly is not new, and it's showing sustained progress. As you can see on Slide 3, we have delivered positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis every quarter for the past 3 years. And by the way, not every quarter had revenue growth. In those quarters, we reduced expenses more than revenue decline.
So that remains our focus, continue to drive growth. But on occasions where capital markets might be slower and there might be less growth in revenue, we have to manage our expenses well, and we have to do all that while we continue to make the investments. That consistent operating leverage shows up in our businesses. All totaled, we earned $15.7 billion for the first 9 months of 2017, up 19% from the first 9 months of 2016.
On Slide 4, you can see how the businesses contribute to those results. The businesses are driving earnings improvement and returns above the firm's cost of capital, and they continue to drive their efficiency ratios lower. As you can see, Global Market results are actually down year-over-year for the 9 months on a reported basis, but excluding some DVA and a prior-year recovery, earnings would be up modestly on consistent revenue growth despite low volatility and low activity.
But as you look at the other businesses, beginning with the consumer bank, the years of hard work the team has put in is now clearly showing. The business is driving operating leverage as we optimize our delivery network, continue to digitize the business and follow the customers' behavior as it changes over time.
In our wealth management business, they -- the teams continue to do a good job, and you see earnings were up 10% on a year-to-date basis. We have industry-leading margins in the business at 27% and the leading brands of Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust. And ahead of us, we have a lot of work to continue to deal with the industry-wide dynamics and margin pressures. Global Banking has had a record-setting $15 billion in revenue year-to-date and has the company's best efficiency ratio, as you can see.
So as you think about that, all that sums up in allowing us to return more capital to you, the shareholders. For the first 9 months of 2017, we have repurchased $7.9 billion in common shares and paid $2.8 billion in common dividends. This totals $10.7 billion, comparing to $5.6 billion for the same period in 2016.
So with that, let me turn it over to Paul to give you some other details on the quarter.

Okay. Thank you, Brian. I'm starting on Slide 5.
As Brian said, we earned $5.6 billion in Q3, up 13% from Q3 '16; EPS of $0.48 per share, up 17% year-over-year as we reduced diluted shares by 3% over the past 12 months. Revenue of $21.8 billion was 1% higher than Q3 '16 as NII improvement and higher asset management fees outpaced decline in sales and trading and mortgage banking income.
Expenses of $13.1 billion were 3% lower than Q3 '16. We generated more than 3% of operating leverage; the efficiency ratio of 60% for the second consecutive quarter now, 59% on an FTE basis. Provision expense was $834 million, down modestly compared to Q3 '16, and continued improvement -- we see continued improvement in Consumer Real Estate and energy. Return on assets this quarter was 98 basis points and return on tangible common equity was 11.3%, improving both on a year-over-year and a linked-quarter basis.
Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 6. Overall, compared to June 30, end-of-period assets increased $29 billion, driven by strong deposit growth that funded an increase in loans to customers, with the remainder invested in securities and cash. Loans on an end-of-period basis were up $10.5 billion from Q2, led by commercial activity, while consumer loan growth was mitigated by the continued runoff of legacy noncore loans.
On the liability side, long-term debt increased $4.7 billion during the quarter as we took advantage of favorable credit spreads to prefund upcoming maturities. Given that we are now compliant with TLAC requirements, our debt issuance over the next few quarters will likely be more opportunistic. Liquidity remains strong, with $517 billion in global liquidity sources, and our liquidity coverage ratio was 126%.
Common equity increased more than $4 billion compared to Q2. During the quarter, Berkshire Hathaway converted its Series T preferred stock into 700 million shares of common stock per the terms of their 2011 investment. As a result of this conversion, common equity increased and preferred stock decreased by the $2.9 billion book value of their Series T preferred stock. This issuance does not impact diluted EPS in this or subsequent quarters as the effect of this conversion was already accounted for in diluted EPS.
The remaining increase in common equity reflects $5.1 billion in net income available to common, partially offset by the return of capital totaling $4.2 billion for both common dividends and share repurchases. Tangible book value per share of $17.23 was modestly higher than Q3 '16 but decreased 3% versus Q2 '17 as a result of the Series T conversion.
Turning to regulatory metrics and focusing on the advanced approach. Our CET1 transition ratio under Basel III ended the quarter at 11.9%. On a fully phased-in basis, compared to Q2, the CET1 ratio improved 40 basis points to 11.9% and remains well above our 2019 requirement of 9.5%. CET1 increased $4.9 billion to $173.6 billion, driven by earnings and the Berkshire Hathaway conversion. The CET1 ratio also benefited from a modest $3 billion decline in RWA as growth in loans and low RWA density assets was offset by continuing optimization of the balance sheet.
We also provide our capital metrics under the standardized approach. RWA increased $15 billion from Q2, driven by loan growth, but increases in capital more than offset asset growth, resulting in a CET1 ratio improvement of 20 basis points to 12.2%. Supplementary leverage ratios for both the parent and bank continue to exceed U.S. regulatory minimums that don't take effect until 2018.
Turning to Slide 7. On an average basis, total loans increased to $918 billion. Note that the sale of U.K. card, which was recorded in All Other, impacted year-over-year comparison of average loans by $9.3 billion. Adjusting for the sale, average loans were up $26.8 billion or 3% year-over-year. Loan growth continue to be dampened by the runoff of noncore Consumer Real Estate loans in All Other. Year-over-year, loans in All Other, including the sale of U.K. card, were down $28 billion.
On the other hand, loans in our business segments were up $47 billion or 6%. Consumer Banking and wealth management both experienced solid loan growth of 8%. Both businesses continue to see good growth in residential mortgages. Consumer Banking also saw growth in credit card and vehicle loans. Originations of new home equity loans was solid, but overall loan growth continues to be outpaced by pay-downs. In wealth management, growth was also aided by structured lending. Global Banking loans were up 4% year-over-year, led by C&I growth in the U.S. and abroad.
On the bottom right, note that we grew average deposits by $45 billion or nearly 4% year-over-year. This growth was driven by consumer segments' deposits increasing by $53 billion or nearly 9% year-over-year. Average deposits declined year-over-year in our wealth management segment as clients sought alternatives for their cash within brokerage or AUM. Deposit outflows here largely abated in Q3, and ending deposits were slightly up from the end of Q2. Deposits in Global Banking experienced strong growth in Q3, driven by rate actions taken in the quarter to win and defend relationship deposits.
Turning to asset quality on Slide 8. Credit quality continues to be solid, with net charge-offs, NPLs and reservable criticized exposure all showing improvement from Q2. Total net charge-offs were $900 million or 39 basis points of average loans, decreasing modestly from Q2. Provision expense of $834 million included a $66 million net reserve release. Provision expense was in line with the prior year but increased $108 million from Q2 as a result of less net reserve releases. Our reserve coverage remains strong, with an allowance-to-loan ratio of 116 basis points and a coverage level 3x our annual charge-offs.
On Slide 9, we break out credit quality metrics for both our consumer and commercial portfolios. With respect to consumer, net charge-offs were down from Q2. Included in the quarter were recoveries on the sale of some Consumer Real Estate loans. Partially offsetting this recovery benefit was the negative impact of clarifying guidance from the regulators on bankruptcies, which increased our consumer losses this quarter. The net effect of all these pluses and minuses was minimal.
Consumer NPLs of $5.3 billion were the lowest they have been since Q2 '08. NPLs came down from Q2 levels, and keep in mind, 45% of our consumer NPLs are current on their payments. Commercial losses were up modestly from Q2, driven by a couple of names while reservable criticized exposures and NPLs declined.
With respect to the impact of hurricanes, first, let me say that our focus has been on those impacted by the storms, including our employees and customers. One decision we made early was to provide a payment deferral to many of our customers in the impacted areas, delaying some potential net charge-offs in Q3. Since then, we have and we will continue to engage with consumers and businesses in the impacted areas to better understand how we can assist them.
As it relates to credit, we have not seen any material impact. Our overall net reserve release for the quarter did include a modest build related to the storms for losses that are probable, and it goes without saying that we believe we are adequately reserved today.
Turning to Slide 10. Net interest income on a GAAP non-FTE basis was $11.2 billion, $11.4 billion on an FTE basis. Compared to Q3 '16, which has the same day count and seasonal factors, NII is up $960 million or more than 9%, driven by an improving spread between our asset yields and deposit pricing. The year-over-year comparison also benefited from loan growth and excess deposits deployed in security balances. An additional benefit was higher long-end rates from Q3 '16, which drove lower prepayments and, therefore, lower bond premium write-offs. The full quarter effect of the sale of U.K. card negatively impacted the comparison.
Focusing on net interest yield. It improved 18 basis points from Q3 '16 to 2.36% after adjusting for the impact of U.K. card. Compared to Q2 '17, NII increased $175 million as the benefits from an increase in short-end rates and an extra day of interest as well as loan deposit growth was mitigated by a number of factors.
First, we lost the 2 months of interest income associated with the U.K. card book. Second, we raised rates broadly across our wealth management business to offer clients a competitive deposit alternative to cash alternatives within brokerage and AUM. Third, we experienced a decline in long-end rates in Q2 and early in Q3, which impacted reinvestment rates as well as increased the write-off of bond premium as mortgage prepayment speeds accelerated.
I would note that we also increased deposit pricing for some commercial clients, which had a modest impact on NII in the quarter. Looking ahead to Q4, assuming no change in interest rates, NII growth will be dependent on loan and deposit growth and pricing. If we get a late 4Q hike, as expected by the market, this should mostly benefit NII in Q1 '18. With respect to asset sensitivity, as of 9/30, an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in rates is estimated to increase NII by $3.2 billion over the subsequent 12 months. This is largely unchanged from June 30 and continues to be predominantly driven by our sensitivity to short-end rates.
Turning to Slide 11. Our teams continued to deliver on cost management. Net interest expense of $13.1 billion is down more than $300 million or 3% from Q3 '16. Productivity improvements were driven by our focus on digitizing processes and lowering our costs to deliver for our customers. Keep in mind that we are seeing these expense declines while investment in technology and new sales professionals remains robust.
Compared to Q3 '16, in addition to overall operating cost improvements, we reduced personnel expense, which included costs associated with our U.K. card business, as well as non-personnel expense, which included lower litigation expense. Compared to Q2 '17, expense declined by $600 million, with half of that decline driven by a Q2 '17 charge in anticipation of the sale of several data centers. Q3 also included modest declines from lower severance as well as revenue-related incentives. The remaining reduction reflects broad-based improvement as we drive operational excellence. The efficiency ratio hit our 60% target again this quarter.
With respect to headcount, we are down from the prior quarter and continue to see a shift from non-client-facing associates to primary sales professionals, which now make up more than 21% of our headcount. We have added more than 2,000 primary sales professionals over the past 12 months -- excuse me, over the past, yes, 12 months.
Okay. Turning to the business segments and starting with Consumer Banking on Slide 12. Earnings were $2.1 billion, growing 15% year-over-year and returning 22% on allocated capital. The business created over 800 basis points of operating leverage on revenue growth of 10%, which outpaced expense growth of 2%. Year-over-year, average loans grew 8%. Average deposits grew 9%, and Merrill Edge brokerage assets grew 21%.
Revenue growth was led by NII, driven by increases in client balances. Revenue was modestly impacted this quarter by the hurricanes as we took steps to help customers in the impacted areas. We expect the dip in fees and interchange weakness to be temporary as impacted communities begin to recover and rebuild.
With respect to expenses, through continued efforts to drive operating leverage, the efficiency ratio improved over 400 basis points to 51%. Cost of deposits and rate paid, which when combined represents cost of goods sold from a deposit perspective, remains steady at a combined rate of 163 basis points in the quarter. Consumer Banking credit quality reflected moderate seasoning and portfolio growth, which drove reserve build of $168 million in addition to the $800 million in net charge-offs. The net charge-off ratio declined modestly from Q2 to 1.18% of loans.
Turning to Slide 13 and looking at key trends. As I said earlier, revenue increased 10% year-over-year. Within revenue, mortgage banking income was the only major category that was lower year-over-year, driven by our strategy of holding more originations on balance sheet instead of selling to the agencies as we like the economics of holding these high-quality originations. In Q3, we retained about 80% of first mortgage production on balance sheet.
Looking at revenue more broadly. We believe our relationship-deepening Preferred Reward program is improving NII and balance growth while mitigating industry pressures on fees as we reward customers for doing more business with us. This is why we continue to emphasize total revenue as opposed to fees and NII separately. Having said that, spending levels on debit and credit cards were up 7% year-over-year, and new issuance of credit cards was solid at 1.3 million. Spending levels on credit card -- on cards drove revenue increases but were, again, largely offset by the rewards to customers. We saw modest year-over-year improvement in card fees as well as service charges.
Focusing on client balances on the bottom left. You can see the success we continue to have growing deposits, loans and brokerage assets. With respect to loans, residential mortgage continue to lead our growth, but we also saw good growth in auto as well as better growth in card than we've experienced in quite some time. We remain focused on prime and super-prime borrowers with average booked FICO scores of at least 760. Client brokerage assets were up 21% year-over-year, driven by strong client flows as well as market performance. Net new accounts grew 6% from Q3 '16.
At the bottom right, you can see deposits broken out. Our 9% year-over-year average deposit growth continue to outpace the industry while the rate paid remained low and stable. Importantly, 50% of these deposits are checking accounts, and we estimate that 90% of these checking accounts are the primary accounts of households. Expenses were up modestly compared to Q3 '16 despite strong revenue growth as optimization and digitalization savings were more than offset by investments in refurbishing branches and technology initiatives.
Turning to Slide 14. Let's look again this quarter at digital banking highlights as they continue to shape the way we do business with our customers. As you can see, the year-over-year growth in these metric is impressive. We remain the leader in digital banking. We now have nearly 24 million mobile users and another 11 million online with us.
Within the $639 billion in total payments shown here, note how digital continues to grow as customers move away from cash and check. This migration is helping us lower expenses and reduce operational risk. Further, digital growth of credit and debit card usage is accelerating as e-commerce grows and more payments are taking place within merchant applications like Uber and Starbucks.
Within total payments, this person-to-person -- and I want to spend a moment on Zelle as Bank of America has been one of the lead banks introducing this P2P capability for customers. Note the steady adoption by Bank of America customers of this online app, which makes it easier to spend, request and even split person-to-person money transfers. Also, note, on the bottom left, the growth in mobile channel usage. This quarter, we saw nearly 1.2 billion log-ins, which is up 19% versus Q3 '16.
And more than 21% of all check deposit transactions are now done on mobile devices. This represents the volume of 1,100 financial centers. And while important in terms of how we transact with customers, mobile has also become important in terms of how we connect with our customers. One example of that is the reduction in our call center volumes, which are down 13% over the past 3 years.
And we continue to innovate. This quarter, we rolled out an app in several states for mobile auto shopping, which will soon be followed by a mortgage shopping and fulfillment app -- excuse me, I meant mobile auto shopping, which will soon be followed by a mortgage shopping and fulfillment app that we call Home Loan Navigator.
Still, even with all this digital activity, it is important to note that we still have 775,000 people a day walking into our financial centers across the U.S. Many of these customers still use our centers to transact, but many use the centers as financial destinations where they can learn more about products and services, work face to face with a specialized professional and generally improve their financial lives. That's why we continue our multiyear branch refurbishment program, and it is also why we continue to add new financial centers in markets where we have never had a Bank of America center but we have a strong presence in other lines of business. This quarter, for example, we opened centers in Denver, Minneapolis and Indianapolis. In addition, we are testing advanced centers which utilize video-assisted ATMs and other videoconferencing capabilities in areas where it makes sense to do that.
Turning to Slide 15. Let's review Global Wealth and Investment Management. We have produced earnings of $769 million, up 10% from Q3 '16; a pretax profit margin of 27%; and return on allocated capital of 22%. The market and client activity once again provided a tailwind for asset management fees while, at the same time, transaction revenue continues to face headwinds in the industry evolves -- as the industry evolves and adapts to new fiduciary requirements and the increasing adoption of passive investing.
In all, revenue grew 6% year-over-year, led by NII and a 13% increase in asset management fees, partially offset by lower transactional revenue. We saw nearly $21 billion of AUM flows this quarter, continuing the strength of $57 billion in the first half of the year. Year-over-year, expenses were up 4%, driven by revenue-related incentives. Other expenses were managed well, creating modest operating leverage in this segment.
Moving to Slide 16. We continue to see overall solid client engagement. Capital balances rose to nearly $2.7 trillion, driven by higher market values, solid AUM flows and continued loan growth. Average deposits of $240 billion were down $5 billion from Q2. The increase in deposit rates at the end of the second quarter helped mitigate the movement of client balances from deposits to other cash investment alternatives within AUM and brokerage.
The decline in NII from Q2 to Q3 reflects the cost of this rate increase. Average loans of $154 billion grew 8% year-over-year and reflect the continued trend of investment clients deepening their relationship with us. Loan growth remained concentrated in Consumer Real Estate as well as structured lending.
Okay. Turning to Slide 17. Global Banking earned $1.8 billion. This was a 13% increase from Q3 '16. Return on allocated capital was 17% and stable with last year despite a $3 billion increase in allocated capital. Year-over-year, revenue growth of 5% was driven by improved NII, reflecting solid loan and deposit growth, compounded by rising short-term interest rates. We also grew IB fees modestly year-over-year, led by debt and advisory fees.
Revenue improvement coupled with lower expenses created operating leverage of 650 basis points and an efficiency ratio of 43%. This expense comparison versus Q3 '16 reflects savings offset by continued technology investment. We also added new bankers while keeping overall headcount relatively flat over the year. We're also deploying more AI capabilities in this business. The focus so far has been on improving client prospecting and more intelligent receivable processing for clients.
Provision expense of $48 million remains low and is down from Q3 '16 on improvement across most of the portfolio, particularly energy. Global Banking grew loans 4% year-over-year. As Brian mentioned, our loan growth in Global Banking has been pretty consistent over the past 3 or 4 quarters at 4% to 6% on a year-over-year basis. When compared to Q2, I would note an increase in loans near the end of the quarter drove end-of-period balances meaningfully above the average.
Looking at the trends on Slide 18 and comparing to Q3 last year. Average loans of $346 billion were up nearly $12 billion. With the exception of CRE, loan growth was fairly broad-based, with slightly elevated growth in Asia. Loan spreads were stable compared to Q2 '17 but compressed compared to the year-over-year period.
Average deposits rose 3% compared to Q3 '16, with most of it concentrated in Q3 given the rate action this quarter. Total investment banking fees of $1.5 billion were up modestly from a strong Q3 '16. Debt underwriting remained strong while equity underwriting was down from a year ago. Growth in advisory fees also benefited the year-over-year comparison. Year-to-date, we remain rank #3 in investment banking fees, with fees of $4.6 billion, which is up 14% from 2016.
Switching to Global Markets on Slide 19. The business had a solid quarter although it's a tough comparison against a strong Q3 '16 for the reasons you all know. Global Markets generated $3.9 billion in revenue and earned $770 million after adjusting for a modest impact from DVA. Given the tough comparison, we view this quarter as solid despite the fact that sales and trading revenue of $3.2 billion, excluding DVA, declined 15% from Q3 '16.
Excluding net DVA and versus Q3 '16, FICC sales and trading of $2.2 billion decreased 22%. Within FICC, the decrease was driven by less favorable market conditions across credit products, especially mortgages, combined with lower volatility in rates products in the current quarter. Equity sales and trading was up 2% year-over-year to a little less than $1 billion, benefiting from growth in client-financing activity. Lower volatility also drove lower secondary market activity in equities.
With respect to expenses, Q3 '17 was 2% higher than Q3 '16, driven by increased technology investment in our trading platform as well as numerous regulatory requirements such as MiFID II, Volcker and UMR, among others.
Moving to trends on Slide 20 and focusing our attention -- or your attention on the components of our sales and trading performance on a year-to-date basis for just a moment. While the quarter is down from Q3 '16, as you can see in the lower left box, sales and trading revenue has been fairly consistent on a year-to-date basis for the last 3 years at roughly $10.5 billion. And note that we have achieved this stability while reducing VaR and RWA. And just as important, if not more important, this revenue consistency reflects the value to our clients of our diverse product set and sales and trading capabilities in every major market across the globe. Without this strength and diversity, one would have seen a lot more revenue volatility as client activity shifted from a product and market perspective over the last 3 years.
On Slide 21, we show All Other, which reported a net profit of $217 million. This is an improvement of roughly $400 million compared to Q3 '16. This quarter included lower litigation expense while reps and warranty expense increased a little more than $100 million over Q3 '16. Reps and warranty provision is recorded as contra revenue in mortgage banking income and was a result of advanced negotiations with certain counterparties to resolve several outstanding legacy issues. Also note that mortgage banking income in Q3 '16 included a benefit of roughly $300 million in net MSR hedge results.
And also remember that this is the first quarter without the U.K. card business, which was sold in June. So in addition to 2 months of approximately $250 million in normal-quality revenue generated from U.K. card, Q2 also included a $795 million benefit from the sale of U.K. card that was mostly offset by tax expense in that quarter. And when making expense comparisons, remember, in addition to lower litigation, Q2 also included a $295 million impairment charge on 3 data centers that we are in the process of selling. Lastly, note that the effective tax rate for the quarter was 29%.
Okay. Just a few summary points to wrap up. Again, this quarter, we created positive operating leverage by growing revenue while lowering expenses. And as Brian pointed out, this continued the trend of many quarters of positive operating leverage. For years, we have been focused on growing responsibly while improving operating efficiency and making our growth more sustainable. And importantly, we have stuck to and not compromised our clients and risk frameworks while doing so.
NII growth is benefiting from the value of our deposit franchise and continued loan growth in a modestly improving world economy. Asset quality remains strong as net charge-offs, NPLs and commercial reservable criticized exposure all declined. We continue to invest in new technologies and capabilities while adding sales professionals in certain businesses, and we did all this while nearly doubling the amount of capital we returned to shareholders this year versus last year. This tells us that responsible growth is working and that we are well positioned to continue to invest in and grow with our customers and clients as the economy continues to improve.
Thank you. And with that, we will open it up to questions.