Question_1:

    I just had two quick questions. Sheryl or Mark, I was just wondering, from a brand advertising perspective, is there a way you could share with us how your conversations with these advertisers have been trending over the past 12 months, how they've been evolving, and how they are thinking about the video opportunity? 
And then, Dave, I just wanted to follow up on your question about total expense guidance, because in the past you've given a 5-point range, I believe, for total expenses and this year it's 15. Granted, you did tighten it, which we appreciate. And just wondering the parameters around how we think about the low end versus the high end?

Question_2:

    Mark, I wanted to follow up on your comment around search. It's early days, but what the Company is seeing in terms of the way people are interacting with the new search functionality inside Facebook, broadly. And then maybe tying it back to advertising, what that might mean for closing the loop with some of your small- and medium-sized business advertises, and maybe even the Places initiative, long-term, thanks.

Question_3:

    I just wondered if you could provide your view on Facebook as a video platform given that video views per day increased to 3 billion in December from 1 billion in September of 2014. And how we should think about video content mix over the next couple of years. 
And same kind of topic, if you can give a sense of user and advertiser feedback on the autoplay video ads, that would be great. Thank you.

Question_4:

    It looks like you did about $9 of revenue in the US per MAU, which is over a $30 run rate, which is impressive. 
Sheryl, maybe first question to you. How do you grow that from here? Is it usage? Is it more higher ad load? Is it the mix of ads? Or is it targeting? Maybe some thoughts on how you grow from there. 
And then, Mark, as you look at your other three platforms; WhatsApp, Instagram, Messenger, and other things you probably have in mind -- can they monetize anywhere as well as Facebook if you look out to your five-year plan? Thank you.

Question_5:

    Two questions. Sheryl, can you talk about where we are in the North American market versus your other regions in terms of advertiser maturation and acceptance of the Facebook platform? The growth rates in North America continue to be really impressive despite it being your business when you look at the ARPU trends. And compared to the other regions those seem to be moderating a bit. 
And then I was wondering, Dave, if you could talk about the pricing growth which actually accelerated from Q3 to Q4? Can you give us some color there? I know there were changes to right-hand rail but anything else you would add about why there was such a huge acceleration in pricing growth. Thanks.

Question_6:

    Thanks for taking the question. 
First, I was wondering if you could talk about the degree to which you think premium video content, where it's not necessary to optimally capture budgets from advertiser that might otherwise have gone to TV? You have a couple of initiatives around ABC and NFL. So, I was curious to hear your thoughts on that. 
Separately, among clients who are using Atlas, and especially those who are new to Atlas, do you get a sense that their spending on digital media is changing? Or, if so, how? And, alternately, are they just happier with their campaign management tools? Thanks very much.

Question_7:

    One for Sheryl. Sheryl, as you push further toward monetizing off-platform inventory, wondering if you could speak to the state of your relationships with premium publishers? There is a narrative out there we sometimes encounter that publishers are growing a bit concerned about the power you guys wheel, particularly as you push into monetizing off the platform. Thanks very much.

Question_8:

    First for either Mark or Sheryl on the subject of public video content and what you guys are doing to increase the amount of video in the newsfeed. Are there things in terms of actors, celebrities, public figures that you can do to economically incentivize those creators of, let's say, the higher-quality user-generated content onto the Facebook platform, be it a revenue share, what have you, relative to the economics for those types of folks on competing online video platforms? 
And then just one quick one for Dave. You mentioned -- I just had to ask -- you'd be the shifting the accounting for Facebook Audience Network and LiveRail for revenue to be net of TAC in 2015 versus gross in 2014. 
I'm just wondering why do that? And is there anything you can help us with in terms of order of magnitude of that shift? Thanks.

Question_9:

    Just following up on the video concept, how important is it that Facebook host the videos versus sharing clips from third-party players in the feed? What percent of that 3 billion streams daily is Facebook-embedded versus from other players? And are you able to monetize videos from third-party players today or is there a way to work around that in the future? Thanks.

Question_10:

    I wonder if it's possible to distinguish how much of the growth in advertising revenues can be attributed to changes in organic compressions and how you balance the desire of business partners to contribute content to feeds versus monetization? Thank you.

Question_11:

    I have two quick questions. 
First, when you say that time spent increased 10% year on year, is this roughly uniform across your geographic regions? 
And, secondly, Mark, I think during your remarks in every earnings call, you talk to your investors for a considerable amount of time about Facebook's efforts to connect the world, and specifically about Internet.org which suggest you think this is important to investors. Can you clarify why you think this matters to investors? And, importantly, why you think Facebook can make a significant difference at scale, given that your [ann over pupil] user in emerging markets is about $5, and to connect any user who has no device or coverage may be at risk in terms of dollars? Thank you.

Question_12:

    And, Carlos, on the time spent per DAU, we're just giving the one point. We're not breaking anything out by region.

Question_13:

    I'm just curious, given the impact that currency had on the quarter on growth rates outside the US, is there any market you could call out, particularly, that were either better or worse that might be masked by the currency swings, number one? And, number two, I'm just curious if currency does stay where it is, does it all impact your spending plans or how and where and when you'll invest? Thanks.

Question_14:

    I have two quick questions. Mark, you haven't spoken much yet today about the e-commerce opportunity in front of Facebook, particularly the buy button. Can you elaborate a little bit on plans around e-commerce and what you see that opportunity? 
And then, Dave, I was wondering, for investors, could you maybe go through your view on how you look at capital efficiency and ROI, so that, whether it be acquisitions or CapEx or even OpEx, how you look and see you are getting a good return on that spend? Thanks so much.

Question_15:

    Just quickly on WhatsApp, I know the focus will be user growth for a while. But in the future, as you do turn on the monetization engine, just curious what are some of the primary ways that you are assuming growth will come from advertising or games perhaps. 
And also, on WhatsApp user growth, would you be able to call out where that's coming from? Is there any particular areas that are stronger? And curious how that's doing in the US? Thank you.

Question_16:

    Sheryl, the size of the ad revenue that Facebook is generating and the growth, these are large budgets that are shifting over to Facebook. Any commentary on where you think those budgets are coming from? What are the source of funds? 
And then I know, David, the engagement levels seem to be rising. This seemed to be a little slip in the engagement levels, that DAU over MAU ratio in Asia and the rest of world, at least sequentially. Is that just noise or is that a reason to panic? Thanks.

