
Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for joining us on the web as well as the phone this morning.
Before I turn the call over to the CEO, Brian Moynihan, and CFO, Bruce Thompson, let me just say that we may make some forward-looking statements. For details on those, I will refer you to our -- page 24 and 25 in our earnings deck material, on either the website or our SEC filings. And with that I will turn it over to Brian.

Thank you, Lee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to review the first-quarter results.
As you can see from our numbers we report a loss this quarter. That lost reflects the cost of resolving more of our legacy mortgage issues as well as adding reserves primarily for previously disclosed legacy mortgage related matters.
As disappointed as we are in the bottom line results, we are pleased to report that the businesses reported earnings at a level that allow us to substantially offset these losses. And also at the same time, we are able to still grow and improve our Basel III standardized regulatory capital ratio during the quarter.
Bruce will take you through the particulars of our results. But first I wanted to spend a couple of minutes looking at the progress we continue to make across the customer groups that we serve.
In particular, we added some slides to the appendix on pages 17 and 18, which highlight multiyear trends across our customer groups. Let me just touch on a few of those and connect them to our results.
When you think about our broad consumer franchise for mass-market consumers, affluent and wealthy consumers, as we think about the mass-market group, the strategy in our retail segment has been to lower the cost of service while we improve our customer experience. We do that by continuing to optimize our delivery networks of all types in response to customer behavior changes.
Banking centers and basic teller transactions continue to decline as customers move their business to mobile and online transactions. Yet we still have many millions of visits each week to our branches.
But in the aggregate, our self-service channels of ATM, online and mobile transactions continue to grow. This quarter, more than 10% of all the deposit transactions that consumers make in our Company are now done through mobile devices as people effectively carry a branch in their pocket. This, coupled with other measures, allowed us to reduce our costs in our consumer banking business, 4% from last year's first quarter and allows us to continue to invest in other areas to further improve customer satisfaction and grow sales.
On the preferred side of our consumer business where we serve mass affluent clients, we continue to invest in this group by adding sales specialists. We now have more than 6,500 sales specialists concentrated in the top banking centers. We also increased service associates to drive satisfaction to these clients as well.
The end result when you put all the consumer business together is the segment is organic deposit growth of $23 billion from last year to a total of $535 billion in deposits. On the investment side of this general consumer client base, our Merrill Edge assets grew 21% from last year and when we put the segment together, the earnings in our consumer and business banking business improved 15% year over year to nearly $1.7 billion this quarter.
As we move through the wealthy part of our consumer client base, in our wealth management business with US trust and Merrill Lynch, client balances again grew this quarter, now totaled over $2.4 trillion. This has driven record asset management fees in this segment and we are seeing growing demand from these customers for other banking products as loans and deposits continue to increase. This business made over $700 million after tax this quarter and had a pretax margin of more than 25% for the fifth consecutive quarter.
We'll move to our Company side of our house, our commercial and corporate client base, we continue to retain our leadership position in investment banking fees with $1.5 billion in fees received this quarter. We also saw solid loan and deposit flows this quarter in these -- from our commercial customers. These activities drove a 6% increase in revenue in our global banking business from last year.
In our global markets business, which serves investment clients, we earned $1.3 billion after tax as our top-tier sales and trading platforms generated over $4 billion in revenue this quarter. So we put it all together we have leadership positions that we continue to work on in each area and continue to see good momentum across the quarter. We are pleased also to be in a position to return capital to shareholders as we increase dividends in addition to our newly authorized share repurchase program.
As usual, as we see each day each quarter remain focused on executing this strategy that connects the capabilities of this Company with as customers and shareholders for your benefit. With that, I want to turn it over to Bruce to cover the earnings results.

Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I am going to start on slide 2 and work through the first-quarter results.
We did record a loss of $276 million, or $0.05 per diluted share this quarter. Driving the loss during the quarter was litigation expense of $6 billion, which cost us roughly $0.40 a share during the quarter. We recorded $3.6 billion in litigation expense for the previously announced FHFA settlement and we recorded another $2.4 billion primarily associated with the increase in reserves for previously disclosed legacy mortgage related matters.
Revenue during the quarter on an FTE basis was $22.8 billion, which was $1.1 billion higher than the fourth quarter of 2013, but below the $23.4 billion we saw in the first quarter of 2013. On a linked-quarter basis, our revenues benefited from improved sales and trading results and asset management fees and were offset by lower net interest income as well as lower mortgage banking revenue.
Compared to the prior-year period, revenue was down slightly on lower net interest income, mortgage revenue in sales and trading but did benefit from higher asset management fees. Total noninterest expense during the quarter was $22.2 billion, but did include $6 billion of litigation expense as well as $1 billion of retirement eligible incentive costs that we recognize during the first quarter of each year. If we exclude these items from both the first quarter periods for comparability of the underlying trends that we saw within the Company, expenses did improve by $1.2 billion, or 7% and were driven by lower LAS non-litigation costs as well as some of the new BAC improvements that we saw.
Versus the fourth-quarter 2013, the slight increase in noninterest expense reflects increased revenue related compensation in our market business and was partially offset by the decline that we saw in our LAS non-litigation expense reductions. Provision for credit losses was $1 billion during the quarter, an increased $673 million versus the fourth quarter of 2013. In the first quarter this year, we released $379 million from our loan-loss reserves and that compares to a release of $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013.
Before we move off of this slide, let me mention that we had a few other items in the quarter that in the aggregate benefited EPS by about $0.04 a share as higher equity and debt security gains, net DVA and the resolution of tax matters were positives and they were offset in part by the cost of retirement eligible incentives as well as the negative market-related impacts on our net interest income.
One last point on FVO and DVA, this quarter and moving forward, we report the net impact of these two items as one net DVA valuation number for our derivatives and structured liabilities within our global markets business.
On slide 3, you can see our period-end balance sheet increased from the end of 2013 as we grew both cash and securities in light of increasing liquidity requirements in our primary banking subsidiary. Ending loans declined $12 billion led by lower residential mortgages, principally within our discretionary loan portfolio as well as seasonal declines in credit card.
Loans were up in our global banking segment, which I will cover in a bit. Period-end deposits were up $14 billion from the fourth quarter and are up year-over-year by more than $38 billion.
Our tangible common equity ratio declined to 7% due to the increase in liquidity that I mentioned earlier. Tangible book value did increase slightly during the quarter and we repurchased 87 million shares for $1.4 billion, which completed our share repurchase program that we established at this time last year. Following our CCAR result, we announced a new $4 billion share repurchase plan as well as the intention to increase the quarterly common dividend to $0.05 a share in the second quarter of 2014.
We move to slide 4, we look at our capital ratios under Basel III. Recall this is the first period reporting under Basel III transition which became effective January 1 of this year. Under the transition roles, our common equity Tier 1 capital was $151.6 billion, while our risk-weighted assets were $1.28 trillion, which resulted in a ratio of 11.8%.
While there are no comparative reporting periods, we did provide pro forma fourth quarter of 2013 numbers to allow you to see the slight movement up in the ratio during the quarter. We do continue to provide our Basel III numbers on a fully phased-in basis as we have done in prior periods. The numbers in the chart reflect risk-weighted assets under the Standardized Approach with the common equity Tier 1 ratio improving to 9.3% and remaining above our 8.5% proposed minimum requirement in 2019.
If we move to the advanced method, our CET1 ratio was 9.9% and was impacted by an increased level of risk-weighted assets related to operational risk, which were largely offset by reductions in other risk-weighted assets as well as the increase in capital. We move to supplementary leverage ratios, we estimate at the end of the first quarter of 2014, we exceed the recently updated US rules that apply in 2018. Once again, that would mean our bank holding company is above the 5% minimum and our primary banking subsidiaries, BANA and FIA, are both in excess of their 6% minimums.
I also want to remind you that our Tier 1 capital and supplemental leverage ratios will benefit by approximately $2.9 billion in the second quarter of 2014, if we receive shareholder approval to amend our Series T preferred stock. One last item I want to note regarding capital in the first quarter of 2014, it includes the adjustment to capital allocations across our business line.
We included a slide in the appendix that notes that the new allocation. As you look at that, you will see that the primary adjustments were allocating more capital to our global banking business, given the loan growth we have seen in that segment and to a lesser extent, increases in both our global markets as well as our global wealth management business. As a result of these changes, the amount of unallocated capital that tell that the parent declined from $16 billion to $5 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2014.
If we move to slide 5, funding and liquidity, our global excess liquidity sources increased more than $50 billion to a record level of $427 billion as a result of seasonally strong deposit flows as well as some of the bank debt issuance that we did earlier in the quarter. Our total long-term debt of $255 billion was $5 billion higher than the fourth quarter of 2013. These figures do not include the $7.6 billion of debt issuance that settled on April 1 and was executed at more favorable spread than our existing debt footprint.
That issuance has enabled us to maintain our strong excess liquidity position at the parent, despite the cash flows required by both scheduled debt maturities as well as recent litigation settlement. Our time to required funding remain very strong at 35 months with parent company liquidity unchanged at $95 billion.
Moving forward, and as we consider the FHFA settlement, we would expect parent issuance to be below maturities as the focus evolves towards continued yield improvement following the past several years of sizable balance reductions within our debt footprint.
If we move to slide 6 on net interest income, net interest income on a reported FTE basis was $10.3 billion, which was a decline of $700 million from the fourth quarter of 2013. That decline was driven by a swing of roughly $500 million associated with our market-related adjustments, or FAS 91. FAS 91 was approximately $300 million negative in the first quarter of 2014 compared to the $200 million benefit that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2013.
The balance of the decline was largely due to two less interest accrual days in the first quarter of 2014 relative to the fourth quarter of 2013. Our net interest income, if we exclude those market-related adjustments, was $10.6 billion, once again down a little over $200 million from the fourth quarter of 2013. Other drivers in the quarter were lower average consumer balances and yields, which were largely offset by a reduction in long-term debt costs as well as continued declines in our deposit pricing.
As a result of these net interest income impacts, as well as the higher earning assets, the net interest yield, once again adjusting for FAS 91, declined 3 basis points, 2.36% in the first quarter of 2014. As it relates to asset sensitivity in the balance sheet, we continue to remain poised to benefit from higher rates, particularly when the short end of the curve moves up. As we continue to manage our OCI sensitivity, we are also mindful of both liquidity and leverage rules.
Our first-quarter 2014 increase in securities included shorter duration treasury securities instead of mortgage-backed securities and these treasury securities are much more LCR and OCI friendly, but do have lower yields. Given the continued growth that we have seen in our cash balances at central banks as we increase liquidity, we have adjusted our net interest yields to reflect the impact of adding these low yielding cash deposits once again at central banks into earning assets. This had no impact on net interest income but prior-period net interest yields have been adjusted to reflect the change.
Given the added liquidity during the quarter, coupled with the average balance impact of seasonally lower consumer balances, we expect net interest income in the second quarter of 2014 may be slightly lower compared to this quarter's $10.6 billion level, excluding market-related adjustments, before moving up modestly throughout the second half of 2014.
We move to our expense highlights on slide 7, noninterest expense was $22.2 billion in the first quarter of 2014 and once again included a $6 billion charge for litigation expense and a $1 billion cost for our retirement-eligible incentives. As previously mentioned, the $6 billion litigation expense did include the cost of the FHFA settlement as well as $2.4 billion in increased reserves associated with our previously disclosed the legacy mortgage-related matters.
If we exclude the litigation and retirement eligible incentive costs, our total expenses were $15.2 billion and declined $1.2 billion from the first quarter of 2013 driven by lower LAS costs but were up roughly $200 million from the fourth quarter of 2013 on incentives related to improved sales and trading revenue. Legacy assets and servicing costs, ex-litigation of $1.6 billion declined more than $250 million from the fourth quarter of 2013. As you look at that $1.6 billion number, the savings we generated during the quarter were 40% of our targeted quarterly reductions that we have communicated to you previously.
We continue to make progress on cost savings and as a result our expense program targets for both New BAC as well as LAS remain unchanged.
Turning to slide 8, you can see our credit quality continued to improve again. Net charge-offs declined $194 million to $1.4 billion, or a 62 basis points net loss ratio. Delinquencies, a leading indicator of charge-offs, showed improvement again as well, and our first quarter of 2014 provision expense was $1.0 billion and we released approximately $400 million of reserves during the quarter.
Looking forward, we would expect provision expense for the balance of the year to reflect both modest reductions in net charge-offs as well as reserve releases. Let's move to slide 9 and go through the different business segments, starting with consumer and business banking. Net income of nearly $1.7 billion in the first quarter of 2014 was up 15% from the first quarter of 2013.
Lower expenses, higher service charges, a portfolio divestiture gain and lower credit costs all drove that improvement in the first quarter of 2013. Return on allocated capital within the segment remains very strong at 23% this quarter. As we reflect on customer activity during the quarter, mobile banking customers grew 19% from the first quarter of 2013 to 15 million customers and customer deposit transactions using these devices now represent 10% of all transactions.
Average deposits of $535 billion are up organically $23 billion, or 5% compared to the first quarter of 2013 and our rates paid were reduced nearly in half to 7 basis points. Our brokerage assets surpassed $100 billion in the quarter and are up 21% year-over-year with the growth split fairly evenly between both increases in flows as well as valuations within the market.
Our card issuance remains strong at 1 million new accounts in the first quarter of 2014, but our end-of-period balances are down seasonally from the fourth quarter of 2013. Importantly, our risk-adjusted margin remained above 9%. Overall, our credit quality within the segment remains strong as our net charge-offs declined versus both the linked-quarter period as well as the year-ago period.
Provision expense was $812 million during the quarter. Net charge-offs improved $360 million from the year-ago quarter, and we released $69 million in reserves this quarter, which is $220 million less than the first quarter of last year and down $426 million from the fourth quarter of 2013.
One litigation item to note before we move off the consumer results is the resolution we reached last week with the CFTB and the OCC on issues related to the marketing, sale and billing of credit card debt cancellation and ID theft protection products. This settlement included cash payments to both regulators and provides for redress to customers and was covered by reserves that had been established in prior periods.
We move to slide 10, consumer real estate services, the higher loss in the quarter was driven by $5.8 billion of litigation within the segment. Let's first focus on the reported subsegment of home loans where we record the origination of consumer real estate.
Our first mortgage retail originations of $8.9 billion were down 24% from the fourth quarter of 2013, in line with overall market demand and drove a 32% reduction in core production revenue as margins held relatively steady compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. We continued to reduce production staffing levels in the quarter, consistent with the volumes that we are seeing, but those expenses don't flow through the P&L immediately.
Home equity originations of $2 billion were up from the fourth quarter of 2013 level. If we move to legacy assets and servicing subsegment, once again the driver here is the previously mentioned litigation costs. On litigation costs you saw the press release on March 26 regarding our settlement with FHFA, which identified the $6.3 billion payment and led to the $3.6 billion litigation charge this quarter.
We are obviously pleased to have this matter put behind us. Within our earnings release we also included information regarding a settlement with FGIC and related parties on involved securitization trusts which resolves all outstanding litigation in rep and warranty claims on second lien loans for approximately $900 million to $950 million, depending on the final outcome of two of the remaining trusts -- two of the nine remaining trusts, excuse me.
This settlement was covered by reserves that we had established in previous periods. The primary revenue component within the LAS subsegment, servicing revenue, declined $205 million versus the fourth quarter as the size of our servicing portfolio continues to decline as it aligns with our market share of production. And we also had less favorable MSR net hedge performance during the quarter.
Also impacting revenue during the quarter was rep and warrant expense of $178 million, which increased by roughly $100 million from the fourth quarter of 2013, given the settlement during the quarter with FHFA. From a cost of servicing perspective, our 60-plus day delinquent loans were reduced by 15% to 277,000 units at the end of the first quarter of 2014. And once again, our LAS expense, ex-litigation, declined $262 million to $1.6 billion.
We move to slide 11, global wealth and investment management, during the quarter, we achieved record revenue of $4.5 billion, which was up 3% from the first quarter of 2013 and 2% from the fourth quarter of 2013. The improvement was driven by record asset management fees during the quarter.
Net income of $729 million was slightly higher than the first quarter of 2013, but was down modestly from the fourth quarter of 2013 as expense was 3% higher than both periods. Expense increased compared to both periods on higher revenue-related incentives increased volume-related costs as well as certain investments in technology. Notwithstanding those increases, our pretax margin remains strong, north of 25% for the fifth consecutive quarter.
Our return on allocated capital was 25% but declined from prior period as the relative earnings stability was coupled with the increased capital allocations that I mentioned previously. Client engagement remains strong in the markets providing additional tailwind as our client balances increased $30 billion from the year-end 2013 to $2.4 trillion.
Long-term AUM flows of $17.4 billion for the quarter were the second highest in our Company's history. Ending client loan balances of $120 billion reached record levels and are up 9% year over year.
One other highlight I would like to mention is the core dated referral efforts that we are seeing across wealth management and the banking groups as we funded more than 300 Institutional Retirement plans worth more than $2.4 billion in client assets during the quarter.
On slide 12, global banking, earnings during the quarter were $1.24 billion. Earnings compared to the first quarter of 2013 show a 6% improvement in revenue that were offset by higher expense.
Investment banking fees for the quarter were $1.54 billion, consistent with what we saw during the first quarter of 2013, but 11% lower than the record level that we saw during the fourth quarter of 2013. We do believe for the second consecutive quarter this would rank us as a global leader in investment banking fees.
The remaining revenue drivers in this business, treasury services and business lending, show very positive trends year-over-year across both our commercial as well as our corporate client base. You can see some of these metrics on page 26 of the supplemental information that we provide to you.
Provision was up $116 million from the first quarter of 2013, driven by additions to our loan-loss reserves. The first quarter of 2014 included a build of $282 million versus a build of $81 million in the first quarter of 2013 and $434 million in the fourth quarter of 2013.
The expense increase in the quarter of $186 million on a year-over-year basis relates to investments in technology for our global treasury services and lending platforms, additional client facing personnel and to a lesser degree, some litigation that we saw during the quarter within this segment. We look at the balance sheet, average loans are up $27.4 billion, or 11% compared to the first quarter of 2013 and are up $2.6 billion compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. The overall pace of growth that we are seeing has slowed from the past few quarters as pricing for loans is quite competitive and we have chosen returns over growth in certain cases.
Return on allocated capital was 16% and is down from prior periods reflecting stable earnings that were more than offset by a 35% increase in allocated capital.
We switch to global markets on slide 13, excluding net DVA, we earned $1.24 billion in the first quarter, which is in line with the first quarter of 2013 and up $893 million from the fourth quarter of 2013. Ex-DVA, sales and trading revenue was $4.1 billion, 1% lower than the first quarter of 2013, but 37% higher than the fourth quarter of 2013.
Our FICC sales and trading revenue was down 2% compared to the first quarter of 2013, but we would note it would be down 15% after adjusting for a monoline write-down that we incurred in the first quarter of 2013. Our rates and currencies experienced declines for market volumes and lower volatility during the quarter. I would note that our FICC business did increase 42% over the fourth quarter of 2013.
Equity sales and trading flat with the first quarter of 2013 and up 28% from the fourth quarter of 2013. Expenses were stable compared to the first quarter of 2013 and when we compare expenses to the fourth quarter of 2013, they increased $453 million on higher revenue-related expenses, after excluding litigation of $655 million that we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013 within this segment.
Our trading-related assets, on average, remain flat at $440 billion on a linked-quarter basis. Our return on allocated capital during the quarter was 16%, even after we consider a 13% increase in allocated capital.
On slide 14 we show all other. Revenue was down $193 million from the fourth quarter of 2013 on lower net interest income, which was driven by the swing in market-related adjustments that I discussed earlier and was partially offset by higher equity investment gains which were driven by the final monetization of an investment. First-quarter 2014 expense includes the retirement-eligible incentive costs which are in line with last year but still drive the expense variance compared to the fourth quarter of 2013, and was partially offset by lower litigation costs.
Provision benefit in the quarter was relatively flat to the fourth quarter of 2013 but did improve $385 million from the first quarter of 2013. Net charge-offs of $206 million improved $88 million from the fourth quarter of 2013, and $279 million in the first quarter of 2013.
Our first quarter of 2014 results in this segment included $341 million reserve release compared to a release of $482 million in the fourth quarter and $235 million in the first quarter of 2013. During the quarter, our effective tax rate was impacted by our loss position. For the rest of 2014, we would expect an effective tax rate of approximately 31% absent any unusual items.
We make a few comments before we open it up for questions. We obviously don't like to report a loss to shareholders but this quarter we achieved resolution of rulings around significant legacy matters -- FHFA, FGIC, CFTB and OCC as well as the positive court ruling on Bank of New York Mellon private-label securities matters, which is under appeal just to name a few.
We established additional reserves to help address previously disclosed mortgage-related issues and we did that and still built our already strong Basel III standardized capital ratio. Our supplemental leverage ratios at both parent and banks are compliant well in advance of their 2018 implementation dates under the more stringent new rules.
Our liquidity is at record levels and we are well positioned to meet the new LCR requirements. Asset quality is strong and improving. Our expense programs show good progress and most importantly, four of our five operating segments reported revenue and earnings that were essentially flat or higher than the prior year.
In our fifth segment, legacy assets & servicing, we made progress on legacy issues. We drove down 60 day plus delinquent loans and our costs, excluding litigation, declined $1 billion from last year's first quarter.
So as we move into the second quarter of this year, we feel that we are better positioned than we were coming into 2014. And with that, we will go ahead and open it up for questions.