
Good morning. Thanks to everybody on the phone as well as the webcast for joining us this morning for the second-quarter results. Hopefully everybody's had a chance to review the earnings release documents that are available on the website.
So before I turn the call over to Brian and Bruce let me just remind you we may make some forward-looking statements. And for further information on those please refer to either our earnings release documents, our website or our SEC filings.
So with that I'm pleased to turn it over to Brian Moynihan, our CEO, for some opening comments before Bruce Thompson, the CFO, goes through the details. Brian?

Thank you, Lee. And good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our second-quarter results.
As you can see from our release we reported $5.3 billion in after-tax earnings this quarter which is up from last quarter as well as more than double what we made last year. Not only were we pleased with the bottom line but revenue was up and expenses were down comparatively against both periods.
Lots of things came together to achieve these results and we continue to work on all these also. On the expense side we told you that we achieved the new BAC cost savings back in the third quarter of last year. However, we didn't give up on our focus on expenses and you can see those in the results.
It's the lowest non-litigation expense base since 2008. At the same time we continue to invest in the future of this Company. Just to mention a few of these investments, we added sales specialists in our financial centers, up a 3% versus last year.
We added 3% to our financial advisors since last year. 4% to our commercial and business bankers. We've opened new financial centers in new markets that we previously didn't have coverage and we continue to upgrade those in other markets.
In addition we continue to invest in young new talent in our Company. We hired a record number of teammates from college, over 1,200, and we upped our intern program to over 1,800 this summer.
And we continue to invest as we have said in technology with over $3 billion we've spent this year to continue to improve and drive our products and our capabilities in the Company. As we are doing that we continue to focus on our process improvement. Our Simplify and Improve effort continues to take hold and you saw that and some of the effects of that this quarter.
The goal of the program is to hold the cost management well as the economy continues to recover and our revenues continue to recover. Away from the expenses, a few other highlights of the quarter, we saw our overall loan growth and balances from the first quarter, we saw a continued improvement in our net charge-offs in credit quality, our deposits and our consumer continue to grow even faster this quarter than prior quarters.
We also built capital and tangible book value despite the OCI impact of higher rates. We returned over $1.3 billion to our shareholders through share repurchase and common dividends. And looking at the results this quarter you can also see that we're making progress on our path to our long-term targets to return on assets and return on tangible common equity.
Bruce will take you through the business activity in the various pages in the slides but some highlights. This quarter again we averaged about 5,000 new customers a day to our mobile banking platform. But importantly the team continues to make progress in bringing that platform into the Company in multiple ways.
An example of that is this quarter our digital channel sales were up 30% from last year in the second quarter. In addition to that we continue to focus on our mortgage area; our direct-to-consumer mortgage and home equity originations improved 40% from a year ago.
In the mass affluent space our Merrill Edge product continues to have record assets and they're up 15% to over $122 billion. And that's on top of our investment brokerage services revenue teammates in US Trust and Merrill Lynch that continues to grow.
We also continue to drive our 401 business and this year we've added some of the industry's largest companies to our platform. So those are the trends in the business and Bruce will cover more later.
From a broad economic standpoint what do we see out there? Notwithstanding uncertainty in economies outside the United States we see the US economy continues to steadily improved. In our middle-market business, our commercial businesses, our Company's balance sheet is strong and they continue to draw loans at a higher rate than they did last quarter.
Our consumers continue to spend on our debit and credit cards, this quarter spending over $127 billion this quarter, up 3% from last year even with a downdraft in gas prices in the year-over-year comparison. Our industry-leading research team under Candace's leadership and Bank of America research expects US GDP growth for the second half of the year to be 3% for each of those quarters and we see that in our statistics.
Our Company is well-positioned to benefit from that continued health in the economy. And we continue to manage this Company to deliver for our customers, clients and for you as shareholders. With that I will turn it over to Bruce.

Thanks, Brian, and good morning everyone. I'm going to start on slide 3 and let's go through the results.
We recorded $5.3 billion of earnings in the second quarter or $0.45 per diluted share. This compares to $0.27 a share in the first quarter of 2015 and $0.19 in the second quarter of last year.
A few items to note as you review the results. In the second quarter we had $669 million of positive market-related adjustments in net interest income primarily driven by premium amortization on our debt securities from higher long-term rates. This provided a $0.04 benefit to EPS.
The quarter also included $373 million in benefits from consumer real estate loans which added $0.02 a share. One other item worth noting is the rep and warrant provision which is a net $205 million benefit this period. This was mostly associated with positive developments in legacy mortgage-related matters which
I'll discuss later in the presentation.
This added $0.01 to EPS. Revenue on an FTE basis was $22.3 billion in the second quarter and included the items that I just mentioned. Total non-interest expense in the quarter was $13.8 billion and reflects lower litigation costs, lower LAS cost and good core expense controls compared to both the first quarter of 2015 and the second quarter of 2014.
Provision for credit losses this quarter were $780 million and included improved net charge-offs on an adjusted basis as well as less reserve release compared to the first quarter of 2015. Return on tangible common equity this quarter was 12.8%, return on assets was 99 basis points and the efficiency ratio was 62%. If we adjust for those metrics for the few items I mentioned earlier return on tangible common equity was 10.9%, return on assets was 85 basis points and the efficiency ratio was 65%.
On slide 4, the balance sheet was up less than 1% versus the first quarter of 2015 as loan growth and higher securities balances were offset by a decline in the ending balances within our Global Markets business. Loans on a period-end basis were up reflecting good core loan activity. All of our loan categories showed growth from the first quarter of 2015 with the exception of Consumer Real Estate which declined from both discretionary activity as well as other one-offs.
Common shareholders' equity improved. This solid earnings growth was partially offset by a $2.2 billion decline in OCI and $1.3 billion in capital returns to common shareholders.
We repurchased 49 million shares for $775 million and paid approximately $500 million in common dividends this quarter. Tangible book value increased to $15.02 and tangible common equity improved to 7.6%.
If we look at lending activity on slide 5 our reported loans on an end-of-period basis increased for the first time since the third quarter of 2013, growing $8.5 billion from the first quarter or 4% on an annualized basis. Activity in our discretionary portfolio which is reflected in the LAS and All Other box where we use consumer real estate loans to manage interest rate risk in the LAS unit where we have a home equity run-off portfolio together showed a decline from the first quarter of 2015 of $15 billion.
The loan sales I mentioned earlier accounted for roughly half that amount and included certain loans with long-term standby arrangements that were converted into securities. After we exclude this activity, our core loans increased $23.5 billion, or 4% from the first quarter of 2015. Commercial lending was strong.
Among other initiatives the management team challenged our corporate and commercial lenders for the past several quarters to more fully utilize the credit limits to drive responsible growth. In that light, Global Banking showed a continuation of loan growth from the end of the first quarter of 2015 growing $11.4 billion, or 4% during the quarter from a mix of C&I across large corporate and middle market as well as growth in commercial real estate.
Our Wealth Management business continues to experience strong demand in both securities based lending as well as consumer real estate. And our Consumer Banking area grew both card and auto loans.
If we move to regulatory capital on slide 6, under the transition rules our CET1 ratio improved to 11.2% in the second quarter. If we look at our Basel III regulatory capital on a fully phased-in basis CET1 capital improved $1.1 billion driven by earnings, partially offset by the OCI decline, share repurchases and dividends.
Under the standardized approach, our CET1 ratio was steady at 10.3% as RWA was stable with the first quarter of 2015. Under the advanced approaches, CET1 ratio increased from 10.1% to 10.4% as RWA improved by approximately $34 billion. Lower counterparty RWA drove this decline and was equally split between three factors.
The first lower derivative exposures mainly driven by movements in both rates as well as FX. Second, optimization through better collateral management and reductions in certain positions. And third, an increase in the population of trades eligible for model treatment.
The balance of the improvement was driven by lower levels of market risk. In regards to the Fed's requested modifications to models in order to exit the parallel run that we have previously communicated to you, at the end of the quarter we estimate if we made the requested modifications that our advanced approach's CET1 ratio would be approximately 9.3% at June 30.
Moving to our supplementary leverage ratios we estimate that at the end of the second quarter we continue to exceed the US rules that are applicable in 2018. Our bank holding company SLR ratio was approximately 6.3% and our primary bank subsidiary BANA was approximately 7%.
If we turn to slide 7 on funding and liquidity, long-term debt of $243 billion was up $6 billion from the first quarter as issuances outpaced maturities. As you can see from the maturity profile we have $10 billion of parent company debt scheduled to mature in the rest of 2015 and we'll continue to be opportunistic in regards to issuance.
Our global excess liquidity sources reached a record level during the quarter at $484 billion and now represent 23% of the overall balance sheet. The increase from the first quarter of GELS reflects a continued shift from discretionary loans into HQLA securities as well as the increased step balances.
Our parent company liquidity increased to $96 billion and our time to required funding improved to 40 months. At the end of the second quarter we estimate that the consolidated Company was well above the 100% fully phased-in 2017 requirement for the liquidity ratio.
If we turn to slide 8 on net interest income, on a reported FTE basis was $10.7 billion, an increase of $1 billion from the first quarter of 2015. Volatility in long end rates over the past few quarters has clearly caused some variability in out reported NII. The market-related adjustment from our bond premium amortization this quarter was a benefit of $669 million as rates rose 40 basis points in the quarter while in the first quarter of 2015 we reported a negative $484 million adjustment from a decline in rates in the period.
If we adjust for those items our NII declined approximately $100 million from the first quarter of 2015 to just over $10 billion as the impact of lower discretionary balances and consumer loan yields more than offset the impact of one more day of interest. At the end of the second quarter an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel shift increase in rates would be expected to contribute roughly $3.9 billion in NII benefits over the following 12 months and that's split roughly 60% to short end rates and 40% to long end rates. Given the movement higher in long end rates our balance sheet did become less sensitive to long end rates compared to March 31 as we realized some of that sensitivity through FAS 91 in the second quarter.
As you can see on slide 9, non-interest expense was $13.8 billion in the second quarter and included $175 million in litigation expense. Litigation expense did decline significantly from the second quarter of 2014 levels. If we exclude litigation expenses were $13.6 billion in the quarter, a decline of $900 million, or 6% from the second quarter of 2014.
On balance we're quite pleased with our year-over-year expense improvement even while we continue to invest in the franchise. In the third quarter of 2014 we wrapped up the new BAC cost savings initiatives and several quarters later we continue to see good progress on operating cost reductions in LAS as well as in other areas. Our headcount is down 7% compared to the second quarter of 2014 and as a reminder we do expect to incur some costs associated with our CCAR resubmission through the balance of the year.
If we go ahead and switch to asset quality on slide 10, reported net charge-offs were $1.1 billion versus $1.2 billion in the first quarter 2015. Both periods include charge-offs associated with the August 2014 DOJ settlement which we had previously reserved for. If we exclude these impacts and a small impact from recoveries on NPL sales, our core net charge-offs declined $75 million from the first quarter of 2015 to $929 million.
Loss rates on the same adjusted basis improved to 43 basis points in the second quarter of 2015. US consumer credit card delinquencies improved as well and on the commercial front we saw an uptick in NPLs and reservable criticized exposure from the first quarter driven by downgrades in our oil and gas exposures. Despite these downgrades we feel good about our exposure in this area as they are well collateralized and most of these credits only had a one level migration on a risk rating scale.
The second-quarter provision expense was $780 million and we released a net $288 million in reserves which includes the utilization of previously accrued DOJ reserves. Releases in consumer card and consumer real estate were partially offset by reserve builds within the commercial loan growth area.
Let's go ahead and move to the businesses on slide 11, Consumer Banking. Consumer Banking had earnings of $1.7 billion which was 4% greater than the second quarter of 2014 and 16% above the first quarter of 2015 level. This in turn generated a strong 24% return on allocated capital.
Within revenue fees were up 2% from last year driven by higher card and higher mortgage banking revenue but this growth was more than offset by a decline in net interest income. The decline in net interest income is a result of the allocated impact of our ALM activities as well as some compression in card low yields. Provision decreased $44 million from the second quarter of 2014 driven by the continued improvement that we saw in both the credit card as well as the auto portfolios.
Our non-interest expense was down 4% from the second quarter of 2014 as we reduced the number of financial centers and associated costs and personnel. The cost of average deposits ratio is now less than 175 basis points and we have a 57% efficiency ratio within this segment. This business is a good representation of how the Company is doing more business while we continue to reduce expenses.
We also continue to experience a shift in consumer behavior patterns away from branches and towards more self-service. For example, the number of mobile banking customers continues to grow and increase to more than 17.6 million customers this quarter and these customers look to mobile devices for approximately 13% of all transactions or all deposit transactions.
If we look at some of the key drivers and trends within the consumer area on slide 12 we remain a leader in many aspects of Consumer Banking doing business with roughly half of all US households. Let's look at card activity. Card income increased 5% from the second quarter of 2014 on strong sales and solid spend levels.
Card issuance reached almost 1.3 million units in the quarter on increased sales efforts while the average book FICO score was also strong. Average loan balances were down slightly from the second quarter of 2014 as we do see customers paying down more of their balances.
Net charge-offs declined from very low levels and were 2.7% in the second quarter and risk adjusted margins remain high at roughly 9%. Mortgage banking income in this segment was up 8% from last year as originations had nice follow-through from the elevated pipeline at the end of the first quarter as well as higher production margins.
First-quarter mortgage -- first mortgage originations for the total Company were $16 billion, up 44% year over year and up 16% from the first quarter of 2015. Home equity line and loan originations increased 23% to $3.2 billion from the year-ago quarter and were stable with the first quarter.
Revenue improvement versus the second quarter of 2014 was driven by improved margins. Although the mortgage pipeline remains solid it is down 15% from the end of the first quarter driven in part by higher rates.
Service charges were down modestly versus the second quarter of 2014. This fee line item does continue to be somewhat muted as we continue to open higher quality accounts and those accounts are carrying higher balances. Compared to the second quarter of 2014 our average deposits of $545 billion are up $31 billion, or 6% even as we lowered the rates paid which now stands at 5 basis points.
Lastly, while we are bringing down our overall headcount in this business we continue to invest in the growth opportunity of our preferred client base. And we've been increasing sales specialists in the financial centers and that's resulted in increased activity.
If we turn to slide 13, Global Wealth and Investment Management produced earnings of $690 million which was up 6% from the first quarter of 2015 levels but down 5% from the second quarter of 2014. Compared to the second quarter of 2014, solid fee growth was offset by lower net interest income, higher credit cost and modestly higher expenses which resulted in a decline in year-over-year results.
The allocation of the impact of our Company's ALM activities more than offset the NII benefits that we had from solid loan growth within this space. Year-over-year non-interest income was up 4% on strong asset management results. Non-interest expense was modestly higher in the second quarter on the strength of our asset management fees as well as the continuing investment in client facing professionals.
The year-over-year increase in provision reflects larger reserve release in the prior periods. Pretax margin was 24% and the return on allocated capital remained strong at 23%.
If we look at activity and drivers on slide 14 asset management fees continue to grow and are up 9% from the second quarter of 2014. This was partially offset by sluggishness of transactional revenue in the brokerage business. We did increase our financial advisors by 6% over the last 12 months and we feel good about the number of advisors that are joining us from competitors.
Client balances are above $2.5 trillion, up almost $12 billion from the first quarter of 2015 driven by solid client balance in-flows as well as improved market valuations. Long-term AUM flows were $9 billion for the quarter and that's the 24th consecutive quarter where we've seen positive flows. As I mentioned earlier we continue to experience strong demand in both our securities based and residential mortgage lending areas and we reached a new record for loans within this space during the quarter.
If we turn to slide 15, Global Banking earnings were $1.3 billion which is 14% unallocated capital. Earnings did decline 13% from the second quarter of 2014 as lower non-interest expense was more than offset by lower net interest income, lower investment banking revenues and higher provision expense that was associated with a strong loan growth that we saw during the quarter.
The year-over-year decline in net interest income reflects the allocation of our ALM activity and liquidity cost as well as some compression in loan spreads. Non-interest expense did decline 3% from the second quarter of 2014 as lower litigation and other technology initiative cost were partially offset by investment in client facing personnel.
If we look at the trends on slide 16 we chart the components of revenue. Investment Banking fees for the Company were $1.5 billion, down 6% from the near record levels that we experienced during the second quarter of 2014.
Advisory fees were up 5% during the quarter. Debt underwriting was relatively stable as increased activity in the investment-grade and other products offset the declines that we saw within our leverage finance area.
Equity underwriting was down 19% from what was a record level for our Company in the second quarter of 2014. Outside of Investment Banking fees other banking revenue declined from lower leasing gains partially offset by modestly higher treasury fees and card income. If we look at the balance sheet loans on average were $301 billion, up 4% from both the year-over-year and linked quarter periods.
The growth was broad-based across both corporate and commercial borrowers. Although average deposits were relatively stable versus the second quarter of 2014 we did see a favorable shift in mix with our non-interest-bearing deposits up over $20 billion and our interest-bearing deposits down $17 billion versus the second quarter of 2014. This growth in non-interest-bearing balances was driven by a continuing focus on the growth within operating balances.
The decline in interest-bearing balances was driven by targeted reductions in these low liquidity value deposits.
Switching to Global Markets on slide 17, in the second quarter earnings were $1 billion on revenues of $4.3 billion. We generated 11% return on capital in this business during the quarter. Earnings were up modestly from the first quarter of 2015 levels which included higher litigation but down from the second quarter of 2014 is revenue declined.
Total revenue excluding net DVA declined from the second quarter driven by lower equity investment gains, lower FICC and sales and trading results and lower investment banking fees. If we exclude a $188 million difference between periods on the sale of an equity investment, revenue was down 4% from the second quarter. Non-interest expense was reduced 5% from that same period in line with the revenue reductions.
If we focus on the sales and trading performance components on slide 18, sales and trading revenue of $3.3 billion ex-net DVA is down 2% from the second quarter of 2014 levels. Compared to the same period a year ago, FICC sales and trading was down 9% and not unlike what we saw in the first quarter of 2015 strength within the macro-related products like FX, rates and commodities was offset by lower levels of activity within the credit products space. And to remind you, our mix does remain more heavily weighted to credit products based on the size of our new issue business.
Equities trading was up 13% year over year driven largely by increased client activity within the Asia-Pacific region as well as a strong performance within the derivative area.
Slide 19 shows our Legacy Assets and Servicing business where we were profitable during the quarter given the net benefit in our rep and warrant provision. Revenue excluding this benefit did decline from the first quarter of 2015 on less favorable MSR hedge performance as well as lower servicing revenue. Litigation expense declined significantly from the second quarter of 2014.
Non-interest expense ex-litigation was roughly $900 million this quarter, improving $122 million from the first quarter of 2015 and $526 million going back to the second quarter of 2014. We remain on track to hit our fourth-quarter goal of approximately $800 million in LAS cost ex-litigation.
We were also pleased that during the quarter our number of 60-plus day delinquent loans decreased to 132,000 units. That's down 14% from the first quarter and almost 50% from the prior period of last year.
Before I move away from the mortgage space let me mention an important development in our legacy mortgage exposures. This quarter there was a closely watched case in New York's highest court which confirmed that the New York six-year statute of limitation on filing rep and warrant claims begins to run at the time the reps and warranties are made and not at some later point in time.
Based on our review of the relevant documents we believe the vast majority of the bank's remaining PLS representation and warranty obligations are governed by New York law. As a result of the case ruling you can see on slide 20, a significant $7.6 billion reduction in our gross outstanding private label claims as a result of certain claims now being time barred.
This ruling also had positive implications on our rep and warrant provision as I mentioned as well as the range of possible loss above those reserves. You recall, the RPL had been a range of up to $4 billion for several years and so the top end of that range has now been reduced to up to $2 billion.
On slide 21 we show all other. The $637 million of earnings this quarter resulted in a swing in profitability as a result of the improvement in the NII market-related adjustment from quarter to quarter as well as the prior-period inclusion of the annual retirement eligible incentive cost. The loan sales I mentioned earlier also included in revenue.
Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29% and I would expect the tax rate to be roughly 30% for the rest of 2015 absent unusual items like the recent UK tax reform proposals. Among the UK proposals were a reduction in the corporate tax rate, a surcharge tax on bank earnings and a reduction in the bank levy rate. Our preliminary read is that we could have a one-time charge of several hundred million dollars later in this year to reprice our UK deferred tax assets upon enactment.
At this time on an ongoing basis we expect a recurring tax impact to be modest. Before wrapping up on this slide let me remind you that our preferred dividends in the third quarter should be $440 million and $330 million in the fourth quarter of this year.
So to wrap up as Brian started the presentation with many things that our teams have been focused on for some time came together nicely this quarter and that enabled us to report more than $5 billion in earnings and move closer to our long-term targets. Revenue reflected relative stability, we lowered cost, we grew loans nicely, our credit quality remains very good and we're focused on operating leverage within the business. The foundation of the Company's balance sheet has never been stronger with record capital and record liquidity levels and we remain well-positioned to benefit from a rising rate environment.
With that let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.