
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's third-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, CEO; and David Ebersman, CFO. 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements. The actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release, our annual report on Form 10-K, and our most recent quarterly report on form 10-Q, filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today. And we undertake no obligation to update these demands as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is to included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investor.fb.com. 
And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, Deborah. And thanks, everyone, for joining today. This has been a busy quarter at Facebook where we planted the seeds to achieve our long-term goals with Internet.org, our AI group, and our efforts to build the knowledge economy. We continue to see strong overall engagement and are making good progress on our strategy, especially in mobile. This contributes to the results we reported today -- strong revenue growth, strong growth in daily actives and good growth in engagement, as our ratio of daily actives to monthly active continues to grow. 
We've also reached new milestones as a mobile company. Now, 49% of our revenue comes from mobile. And 48% of the people who use Facebook on any given day are only accessing it from mobile. That's almost half of people only using Facebook from their phones. And it's a pretty incredible sign of how Facebook has evolved over the last year. 
On our last earnings call I talked about our three big goals for the next phase of our Company -- connecting everyone, understanding the world, and helping to build the knowledge economy. Connecting everyone means giving everyone in the world the power to use the Internet and stay connected to the people and things that matter to them. Understanding the world means helping people not just share day-to-day updates but also building up long-term knowledge about the world, and being able to answer questions for you that no other service can. Building the knowledge economy is about helping people create growth in jobs, and supporting a larger economic shift in the world based on information and ideas. This framework is how I'll think about our progress as a company over the next few years. So I think it's a useful way to look at our progress over this quarter, as well. 
Let's start with connecting the world. This quarter we took an important step. In August, we launched Internet.org, a global effort with Samsung, Ericsson, Qualcomm and other industry leaders to make affordable Internet access available to everyone in the world. Today, only about one-third of the world's population is online. And the Internet is growing more slowly than you'd probably expect, less than 9% a year. We want to change this. Our mission has always been to connect the world, and to us that means everyone. When the next 5 billion people have a chance to use these basic services and participate in the global economy, that's going to create huge benefits for everyone in the world. 
By working together on technology and new business models, we think we can help accelerate the process of connecting everyone. We believe we're in a unique place to help encourage broader growth of the Internet because so much of what people do on the Internet is use Facebook. According to comScore, around 20% of the time that people spend in apps in the US alone is in Facebook services. And when you ask a lot of people in developing countries what service they care about using most, the answer is often Facebook. We're already trying to make access to Facebook cheaper. And we think that all the same tools and innovations that we're developing to do this can be applied to other basic Internet services, as well. Like messaging, search, weather, and Wikipedia, to make those services cheaper or free to deliver. 
We also recently acquired Onavo. This is a team that builds world-class data compression technology in mobile analytics. And they'll play an important role in helping us build more efficient technologies and services that use less data. Of course no single company can do this alone, and we're working closely with our partners to develop our future plans. It's still very early for Internet.org, and we'll have more to say in the months ahead. But I'm very excited about this effort, and I'm grateful to our partners for being a part of that. 
Next, let's talk about understanding the world. What I mean by this is that every day people post billions of pieces of content and connections into the graph. And in doing this, they're helping to build the clearest model of everything there is to know in the world. A big part of why this works is that people can share things with any audience they want. They don't have to share publicly with everyone at the same time. They can share with just their friends. So, this means that the model of the world that people are building in our systems includes things that people only want to share with just a few people. 
This has the potential to be really powerful. But right now we actually do very little to utilize the knowledge that people have shared to benefit everyone in our community. The service we invest in the most is News Feed, which gives you a great sense of what's going on with your community today. News Feed has proved itself incredibly useful for people. And is the most used app on people's phones by far. But this is just the start of what's possible. And when we get to the point where anyone can easily ask any question to Facebook and get it answered by our community, that's going to be very powerful. 
In the last quarter, there have been several important evolutions in our strategy of understanding the world. The first is around Graph Search. At the beginning of this year we announced the first beta version of the service on desktop, and indexed more than 1 trillion connections between people and things. In the last quarter we started testing what we call Post Search, which allows you to search all of the unstructured text and posts that people have ever made on Facebook -- about 1.2 trillion more posts. The folks on the team who have worked on web search engines in the past tell me that the Graph Search corpus is bigger than any other web search indexed out there. It's still early for Graph Search because it is still in beta, only in English, and we haven't launched our mobile version yet, but it's something I'm really excited about. 
Another evolution in our progress to understand the world is around our approach to building mobile apps. Our goal has always been to help people share anything they want with anyone they want. Historically we've done this by building a lot of features into the core Facebook app. But we also have a few separate apps that are widely used, like Instagram and Messenger, our standalone messaging app. These are each large services that help people share in different ways. Instagram enables more than 150 monthly actives to share beautiful photos, often more publicly than people would want to share on Facebook. Messenger is part of how people send billions of private one-to-one and group messages everyday. And with the latest release of the app yesterday, we're continuing to add features and make this a better experience. In the future, we expect to develop more of these services to help people share different content with different groups of people. And we'll continue to build our Messenger as a better, distinct messaging experience. 
There's one more evolution in our strategy to understand the world that I want to mention. In September we formed the Facebook AI group to do world-class artificial intelligence research using all the knowledge that people have shared on Facebook. The goal here is to use new approaches in AI to help make sense of all the content that people share so we can generate new insights about the world to answer people's questions. We started assembling a team of some of the best people in the field to work on these problems. We also announced the acquisition of Mobile Technologies, a speech recognition and machine translation company that will help expand our work in the field beyond just photo recognition to voice. Over time I think it's going to be possible to build services that are much more natural to interact with, and can help solve many more problems than any existing technology today. I'm excited that we're working on this problem and I'm looking forward to us doing a lot more here. 
Finally, let's talk about the progress we've made towards building the knowledge economy. The key to building the knowledge economy is building tools for everyone to use information to do their jobs better. So, in addition to connecting everyone and understanding the world, we're also focused on building these services for businesses as a way to accelerate the growth of this new economy. The way businesses will experience this effort is that we'll keep building better services for them to reach their customers with higher quality ads, more efficiently, with better targeting, better analytics and using richer formats. The way people will experience this effort is that the ads they see will become more and more relevant to their lives. 
Last quarter I started talking about how our approach going forward would be to grow our business through improving the quality of our ads rather than by just increasing the quantity. This quarter we continue to do this. And the results show our approach is working. We've been able to deliver better content and grow business for our customers and ourselves. We're finding that a lot more people are finding our ads useful and engaging with them. And the average daily actives is engaging with more than one ad per week. Most people probably wouldn't expect to engage with ads that often. So I think it's a great sign that people are finding ads useful, and they're adding value to the experience on Facebook. I think there's still a lot of room to improve the quality of our ads and grow our business over time. So, this is something that we're going to keep on investing in going forward. 
So, that's my update on how we're thinking about the next big changes we want to make in the world -- connecting everyone, understanding the world, and building the knowledge economy. We made a lot of progress this quarter. And I want to take a moment to thank everyone who works at our Company and everyone who is part of our community for all that they do to make Facebook great. Looking ahead, you can expect us to keep preparing for the future, even as we keep on building momentum today. As I said in our original S-1 filing, we don't build services to make money, we make money to build better services. This approach has served people who use Facebook, marketers and entire Facebook community well. It's a different way of looking at the world. But it's how we're going to keep succeeding as a Company. Thank you for being with us today. And now I'm going to hand it over to Sheryl. 

Thanks, Mark. We continue to see strong growth in our ads business, especially mobile. Q3 total ad revenue grew 66% year over year to $1.8 billion. And mobile advertising grew to 49% of our total ad revenue. This is a remarkable milestone in the short time since we introduced mobile News Feed ads just last year. Similar to last quarter, our performance is very broad-based, with strong growth across all geographies and types of marketers. At the same time, our overall user engagement metrics remain strong. We think this validates the careful approach we're taking to building our ads business. 
I'd like to highlight some of the key drivers of our performance this quarter. These are, to a large degree, the results of investments we've made over the past few years. And they will continue to be our priorities going forward. The first driver is the continued growth of mobile engagement around the world. In 2013, for the very first time, people will spend more time with digital media than watching TV. eMarketer estimates more than five-and-one-quarter a day on digital services, including mobile, compared with four-and-a-half hours watching TV in the US. Facebook is well-positioned to benefit from this shift. In the United States, Facebook, including Instagram, that's one in eight minutes people spend on the desktop but one in five minutes on mobile. 
According to ComScore, Facebook and Instagram have more mobile time spent than many of the next largest services, including YouTube, Pandora, Yahoo, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr, AOL Snapchat, and LinkedIn combined. Along with this engagement, we believe that we have the best mobile ad products, with ads that are integrated unit into News Feed, where people spend most of their time on Facebook. 
As people shift to where they spend their time, marketers are starting to follow. Our results today show that we're benefiting from this shift to mobile. And we believe this shift will continue, and will continue to benefit us. Today mobile represents 12% of consumer media time but it's still only 3% of ad budget. 
The second driver of our performance is an increasing number of marketers spending their ad dollars on Facebook. From brands to direct response to local businesses to developers, more marketers are advertising on Facebook, which is a recognize that our ads work to drive sales. This growth is taking place globally. In the third quarter, the number of Facebook advertisers in EMEA nearly equaled the number in North America, reflecting global growth in our online advertising. 
The third driver of our growth is product development. We're working in a number of areas to make the ads people see on Facebook better. More targeted ads are better, and we're improving our ad targeting to increase relevance. We're investing in features like custom audiences and partner categories to improve targeting. These are great tools that are still in their early days and we will continue to invest. We also want to make it easier for marketers of all sizes to buy ads and measure their impact. In late September we rolled out at ad format changes to make ads look more consistent across Facebook. And we reduced the number of ad units marketers have to choose from, to reduce complexity. And earlier this month we rolled out a full redesign of our ads buying tools to simplify the ads creation process. Advertisers now select from one of eight business objectives, such as website conversions or app installs. We think these product investments make it easier for marketers to achieve their goals. 
We're also expanding our products for developers. We already have launched mobile app install ads and these are going very well. And we now launched mobile app install ads for engagement. These ads help developers and businesses reach people that have already installed there app, and directs them back to increased engagement. We believe these apps are a nice complement to our install ads, and represent a unique opportunity. 
We also continue to invest in helping brands see that our campaigns increase in-store sales. We recently launched outcome measurement for the telecommunications industry. And initial tests showed that more than 90% of people who made a purchase after viewing a Facebook ad had never clicked on that ad. This shows that impressions matter, and focusing only on clicks does not tell the whole story. Similarly, a recent study by Kenshoo, one of our leading preferred marketer developer partners, proves this point. The Kenshoo study found that marketers who use multi-touch attribution to measure campaign ROI credited 12% to 30% more value from Facebook than marketers who use last click attribution. But, we still have work to do. Brand marketers aren't moving as quickly as we would like. And we believe measurement is key to influencing the advertisers. 
Another important trend influencing our growth is our preferred marketing developer, or PMD, program. Over the past two years, we've invested in building an ecosystem that supports all types of marketers. And PMD has helped those marketers advertise effectively with us. Today, this program is a community of hundreds of technology and service companies spread across more than 45 countries. 
In summary, we think our strong performance this quarter further validates that our ad strategy is working. Marketers are responding favorably, as we heard during Ad Week in New York. Our messages are on reach, targeting and measurement are resonating, and we'll continue to reinforce them. Our ads are getting better, and we still have a long way to go. Moving forward, our focus remains the same -- continuing to capitalize on the shift to mobile, increasing the number of marketers who advertise with us, and continuing to invest in our ad products. We believe that we're in the early stages of a major transitioning in advertising. And we're uniquely positioned to capitalize on that opportunity. 
Now, David. 

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. Q3 was a strong quarter for us in terms of our financial results. Our business grew rapidly around the world. And we're pleased with our performance across our key financial metrics, highlighted by the fact that Q3 was our first $2 billion quarter in terms of revenue. Let's start with the size and engagement of the Facebook community, which continues to grow. 728 million people used Facebook on an average day in September, up 25% from last year. Growth continues to be driven by mobile. In Q3, for the first time, daily actives on web declined year over year, albeit very modestly. Daily users represented 61% of the 1.19 billion people who accessed Facebook during the month of September. And our overall engagement data remains strong. Also, as we announced in September, Instagram now has over 150 million monthly actives. 
I want to say a few word about youth engagement on Facebook. As we've said previously, this is a hard issue for us to measure because self-reported age data is unreliable for younger users. So, we've developed other analytical methods to help us estimate usage by age. Our best analysis on youth engagement in the US reveals that usage of Facebook among US teens overall was stable from Q2 to Q3. But, we did see a decrease in daily users, specifically among younger teens. We won't typically call out such granular data, especially when it's of questionable statistical significance, given the lack of precision of our age estimates for younger users. But we wanted to share this with you now since we get a lot of questions about teens. We're pleased that we remain close to fully penetrated among teens in the US. Our monthly user numbers remain steady. And overall engagement of Facebook remains strong. We'll continue to focus our development efforts to build products that drive engagement for people of all ages. 
Turning to the financials. Total revenue in Q3 was $2 billion, up 60%. And ad revenue was $1.8 billion, up 66%. Exchange rates had no meaningful impact. Revenue growth was strong around the world, with each of the four geographic regions we report on growing by more than 50% versus last year. The primary drivers of ad revenue growth were an increase in the number of and the strong performance of News Feed ads, and increasing the number of marketers using Facebook, and increased demand in our system. In Q3, overall ad impressions were up 16%. And the average price per ad was up 42% compared to last year. The growth in ad impressions was primarily due to more people using our service, combined with the impact of a price floor reduction late in the third quarter last year. The growth in price per ad was primarily due to the increase in News Feed ads. 
In the US and Canada, where last year's price floor change had a smaller impact, ad impressions decreased 8%, and average price per ad increased over 60% compared to last year. The decrease in ad impressions, despite an increase in the number of users in the US and Canada was due to the continued migration of usage to mobile devices where we show fewer ads per person compared to web. The greater than 60% increase in average price per ad in the US and Canada was primarily due to the increase in the number of News Feed ads shown on both mobile and web. Due to their high engagement levels, News Feed ads have a significantly higher price per ad then right-hand column ads. Therefore, the mix shift of our ads towards a higher percentage being in News Feed versus right-hand column is driving up our average price per ad. 
Mobile ad revenue in Q3 was approximately 49% of our ad revenue, up from 41% in Q2. The sequential quarterly growth of mobile ad revenue was due to three factors -- an increase in the average price per mobile ad, an increase in the number of mobile users, and an increase in ads shown per mobile user. Looking now at web, ad revenue from web usage decreased both sequentially and year over year. Web ad revenue includes both News Feed ads on web and right-hand column ads on web. Revenue for News Feed ads on web increased significantly in Q3, sequentially and year over year, driven largely by an increase in the number of News Feed ads per web user. The increase was not enough to offset the revenue decline from right-hand column ads. Total payments and other fees revenue was up 24% year over year to $218 million, and roughly flat sequentially. Payments revenue from games was up 18% from last year. But we believe 12% represents the best apples-to-apples comparison, adjusting for accounting items such as the change in revenue recognition timing from late last year. Overall ARPU of $1.72 per user was up 33% compared to last year. We saw 43% increase in the US and Canada, and greater than 40% gains in each of the other three regions we report on. 
Turning now to expenses, in Q3 our total GAAP expenses were $1.28 billion. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock compensation, total expenses increased 40% to $1.03 billion, driven by higher headcount and infrastructure spend. We ended Q3 with just under 5,800 employees, up 34% from last year. And we continue to be pleased with our success in attracting talent. Our Q3 GAAP operating income was $736 million, representing a 37% operating margin, up from 30% last year. And on a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $987 million, a 49% margin, up from 42% last year. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for Q3 were 41% and 36%, respectively. GAAP net income was $425 million or $0.17 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $621 million, or $0.25 per share, up around 100% from last year. In Q3 we spent $284 million on CapEx. And free cash flow was $666 million. 
Looking at our balance sheet, we ended Q3 with $9.3 billion in cash and investments. During the third quarter we repaid our $1.5 billion term loan, and replaced it with a new $6.5 million line of credit, which is currently undrawn. We'll continue to manage our balance sheet to meet our liquidity needs, protect the business against risk, and provide us with flexibility to invest in new opportunities to grow the business. 
Now, let's look forward. We continue to believe that improving the quality and relevance of News Feed ads provides us with a big, long-term opportunity. However, as we think about the future we do not expect it to significantly increase ads as a percentage of News Feed stories beyond where we were at the end of Q3. This is important because increasing ads in News Feed has been a meaningful driver of our revenue growth in 2013. So this should be factored into your expectations for next year. Turning to payments revenue, remember that in the fourth quarter of 2012 we recognized revenue from four months of payments transactions. So, for that reason, we expect payments revenue will be down this coming Q4 compared to last year. 
Looking at expenses, we now expect that our 2013 totaled non-GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue but excluding stock compensation, will likely grow around 45%. In terms of our tax rate, we expect that our Q4 and full-year non-GAAP tax rates will be a few percentage points higher than our Q3 rate. Finally, we expect our 2013 CapEx to be in the neighborhood of $1.4 billion. This is down from our prior estimate of $1.6 billion due to a combination of efficiency gains and changes in timing of our planned purchases. 
To sum up, in Q3 we made great progress against our key financial objectives -- growing revenue, investing for growth, and positioning the Company to maximize long-term returns for our shareholders. And, we remain excited about the opportunities ahead. 
Now, we're ready to open the call for questions.