Question_1:

    On the press release it says that you signed up millions of new Prime members. I believe if you read it, it says that it happened in the last 90 days. I wonder if you ever commented on a time period like that before. Is that a normal run rate to add millions of Prime users in 90 days or is it something special in this quarter that drove Prime? Thanks.

Question_2:

    Two if I could. First on the Kindle family. It seems like the timing of device launches, on the eBook library size, and local language content could be drivers of different levels of penetration in digital media in the US relative to what you've been able to obtain outside the US to date. I was wondering if there was anything else notable that you would highlight that helps explain the different dynamic that seems to be playing out within the media revenue line, domestically versus international. And whether you think any of those issues are structural or they just work themselves out with the benefit of time and your execution. And then secondly, if you could talk a bit about how you think about the lifetime value of a non-Prime customer versus a Prime customer and what the intended outcome may be as it relates to the increase in super saver pricing in the US market. Thanks.

Question_3:

    How do you think about lifetime value of those that are not Prime subs versus Prime subs given the increase you recently did with super saver shipping in the US from $25 to $35 threshold?

Question_4:

    I want to ask about the North American EGM line. I guess it is the second quarter in a row you have had acceleration. When I asked about you about it last quarter, I think you singled out fashion apparel and consumer staples. But the acceleration really seems to be in line with using comps. Is there something in there that to you indicates that you are getting real critical mass with your customers in those two particular categories? And then just real quickly on the Kiva robots, is there a reason you would call that out? Should that have some sort of material impact over time on leverage in the fulfillment cost line? Thank you.

Question_5:

    ROIC is the metric you highlighted each quarter. It has hovered around 20%, 30%, 40% range throughout the quarters of 2010, 2011. It is obviously been depressed over the past several year and a half due to investments. Maybe you can help us with the timing of when you expect ROIC to return to levels we saw in 2011. And second, you are investing a lot in video content for Prime Instant Video. Are there any hard numbers you can share in terms of conversions from the Kindle devices? And there -- in the past there has been talk about converting Prime Instant Video into standalone product. Maybe you can share your thoughts there. Thanks.

Question_6:

    The seasonal hiring is -- I think last year it grew about in line with growth rate in US revenue growth. But this year it looks like it's -- you are growing it about 10 percentage points above the midpoint of your range. Is there anything that is different this year that is driving that? And then second question on pricing. There have been numerous reports recently, and I think for a while now, that the multi-channel competitors are competing more fiercely with Amazon in terms of price parity, et cetera. What impact are you seeing or do you think you could see from that and how you are addressing it? Thanks.

Question_7:

    Two quick questions. First, how do you see your competitive position versus Alibaba in China and what gives you confidence that you have a chance of being a relevant player there, even in the long term? And secondly, in the US you have a service similar to subscription video-on-demand that is a feature of Prime which is Amazon Prime video, while in Europe you have a full-blown standalone service you offer them. Why is your strategy in Europe so different from your strategy in the US when it comes to video-on-demand? Thank you.

Question_8:

    On AmazonFresh, can you comment on what you are seeing in LA versus the Seattle test? How important is the attachment rate with general merchandise? And then as you are making more frequent deliveries, are you finding that it is driving higher sales of general merchandise?

Question_9:

    And with general merchandise?

Question_10:

    Are you selling more general merchandise as a result of more frequent deliveries in that market?

Question_11:

    I just wanted to ask a question on your acquisition of TenMarks which is really diving a little bit deeper into the Ed Tech market. I know you sell and rent the textbooks. Can you talk a little bit maybe what your strategy is there?

Question_12:

    I just wanted to touch on the North American segment margins for a little bit. We have seen some pretty good progress there in terms of year-over-year improvement, a little bit of a back step last quarter but not too much. The category fell back this quarter. I am wondering if there is anything unusual there in terms of timing or investments that may be more called out and how we should think about it over the next few quarters.

Question_13:

    I wanted to know where you stand. Last year, I think you added 20 fulfillment centers on a full-year basis. And the last time you gave us an update, I think this year it was five US and a handful of international. I wanted to know where you stood on that and why the change versus last year. And then also very quickly I wanted to see where you stood or how you felt about your Amazon locker initiative. Thank you.

Question_14:

    I just want to ask two things. First, Tom, can you give us some color on where you are in the shift from third party to first party eBooks and how much of a factor that has been in re-accelerating media revenue? We have seen re-acceleration in media the last three quarters I think in North America. And then secondly, it looks like there are six fewer shopping days this holiday season between Black Friday and Christmas. I am just curious what you do if anything differently to prepare for that and do you think that could actually drive more holiday shopping online. Thanks.

Question_15:

    I wanted to dig into the inventory a little bit. It looks like the growth slowed to 20% if the sale is accelerated. Tom, could you give us an insight as to why that is and maybe which categories out- performed in the quarter?

Question_16:

    Two questions. First, is it a priority to offer one day or same day delivery at some point as some competitors are offering same-day delivery in large markets for certain brick and mortar retailers? And then secondly, can you talk about the prospects for the log in and pay program? How many online merchants are signed up for it and what is Amazon getting out of it either economically and/or from getting data out of the purchases? Thank you.

Question_17:

    I want to talk about newer international markets. Specifically, I think Amazon India was called out given 10 new category launches in the past 120 days or so. My question is related to infrastructure in India and how good is it so that Amazon can continue to grow there. Specifically if other countries can follow a model like this, Brazil comes to mind. Thank you.

Question_18:

    Maybe you could comment on what you are seeing domestically and internationally in terms of eCommerce trends in the current quarter. Anything specific stand out, especially in North America, given some of the mixed commentary we have heard from some of your competitors? And then just some additional comments if you could on growth in the other revenue category, specifically on AWS and/or on your advertising business. Thanks.

Question_19:

    A follow-up to the last question on US in particular. Did you see any weakness or any discernible trends around the government shutdown and all of the politics going on in Washington in September and early October? And separately, can you talk about what you are learning from being an investor in LivingSocial? The accounting charges aside, can you talk about your own local business, how that may compete with other players in the space and all of the various initiatives you have with? What can be learned from what you know at this point? You are no longer a new investor in that company. Thank you.

Question_20:

    When you look at the deceleration in growth in North America and other revenue and obviously it is still at a very high level. When we are thinking about the major components of that line, AWS, advertising, credit card relationship, is there anything relevant to the relative growth rates between those components that we should be thinking about?

