Question_1:

    Hey, thanks. Good morning. Hey, a couple questions. One, you had some callouts on some nice gains; and I know a couple of other banks reporting here this cycle have done the same thing.
I am wondering how much more in your pipeline do you think you have to extract some value from the mortgage-related portfolio here that you're in the process of selling down this quarter?

Question_2:

    Okay. Separately, on just litigation-related stuff, you highlighted the AIG agreement; that looks like a great win for you guys. I guess the question is: Does them pulling out as a dissenter do anything to speed up the timing on that Article 77 case?

Question_3:

    Yes, thanks. Okay. Then just lastly, there's been a lot of debate recently about how the Fed could potentially start to exit. Obviously in the [F one two] minutes they talked about that, and it's been on some of the calls recently about how people are thinking about rate betas.
I know from the Q you have a relatively positive outlook for what rising rates does to your earnings stream. Could you just remind us what percentage of your deposits are consumer, and how you're thinking about rate betas in a rate rise environment relative to asset betas?

Question_4:

    Okay. Thanks a lot.

Question_5:

    Yes, hey. Good morning. Yes, I just wanted to follow up quickly, up on that deposit question. I noticed that noninterest-bearing was up 11%; interest-bearing up only 1%. So that speaks to your efforts.
Do you think there is more to go there? Or should we start to see deposit growth more in line with your peers at this point?

Question_6:

    Right. Okay, great. Then on loan growth you still have, as you mentioned, a couple of asset sales, still some legacy asset runoff. When do we start to see the inflection point, in your view? And maybe if you can give us a sense of underlying demand that you're seeing in your customer group.

Question_7:

    Right, that's fair. Just one last question on the LCR. Maybe I missed it. Did you disclose where you are on that front?

Question_8:

    Will that put any further pressure on NIM, if you're building more liquidity there?

Question_9:

    Okay, great. Thanks.

Question_10:

    Hi, good morning. On expenses, it seems like most of the New BAC savings are in the run rate here. Yet we still read about various expense initiatives that you have underway in terms of branch rationalization and simplification and things like that.
So just wondering. Is there another New BAC, or just ongoing efforts to bring down costs, and how meaningful those might be?

Question_11:

    Okay. So just to try and summarize, even if there is some modest revenue growth, you would hope to keep that $13 billion relatively stable on a net basis, then?

Question_12:

    Okay. Then on the LAS costs, obviously making good progress there. I am not sure there is too much concern if it gets pushed out one quarter. But is there still the goal of getting down to $500 million or below $500 million per quarter?

Question_13:

    Okay. Then just lastly if I can squeeze in on the CCAR capital resubmission process, just remind us when you expect to get an update on that.

Question_14:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_15:

    Thank you. Quick question. The match book was up, or at least the Fed funds sold and repurchased on the asset side was up 6.5% quarter-on-quarter. It's the opposite of what we're seeing at a lot of banks and trends in the market. So I am just curious.
Is there an opportunity to get closer to clients? Is this a function of the fact that your SLR is in great shape, so why not use it when you can? Just curious on what is underlying that trend.

Question_16:

    Anything different on the client usage front? It is bucking a trend, though I hear your comments on the year-end. It's just with the changes in SLR, it's changing pricing theoretically; I just don't know if it's more theoretical than actual.

Question_17:

    I get that, yes. Okay, switching gears. In Wealth Management, obviously everything is doing pretty darn good in Wealth Management. But I will pick a little bit and I will just ask.
Expense -- negative operating leverage in a quarter when the markets are doing well, meaning revenues were up or expenses are up more. I heard and saw your comments on the additional investments in technology.
Is it comp, or is it that additional investment technology? In other words, when markets are growing and flows are great you would expect margins to hold their ground, not give it up. Maybe a little more color on what investments to help that business grow would be helpful.

Question_18:

    Right. I appreciate that. Last one is, slide 20 shows that the private-label outstanding claims keep going up every quarter. Anything new there?
I am not sure what's driving that and if -- I know that we have most of this stuff accounted for in the settlements. But just curious.

Question_19:

    Okay. I appreciate it. That's it for me. Thanks.

Question_20:

    Hi, good morning. Bruce, the increase in Tier 1 common of $7 billion was impressive relative to the net income in the quarter. Any more color on the drivers there?
You mentioned AOCI. What were the threshold deductions that helped drive the capital expansion so much more than that income?

Question_21:

    Okay, and that building at a pretax due to the DTA, that is something that should continue on a steady pace, right?

Question_22:

    Okay. Can you give us the numbers on what the excluded DTA is today and what it changed in during the quarter?

Question_23:

    Okay. On RWA, are there risks that the continued legal settlements would drive up your operational risk metrics? Or is there a forward-looking component to the op risk calc that already anticipates more settlements coming?

Question_24:

    Okay. On capital, on the last CCAR your binding constraint was the leverage ratio more than the risk-based Tier 1 minimum. I assume the recent preferred issuance and the Buffett conversions will help close that gap and position you better for next year's CCAR minimum.
Could you comment on that? Or are there more things you can do to close the gap and have a quantitative cushion that's bigger to that leverage ratio next year as well?

Question_25:

    Okay, thanks. On sales and trading, just in terms of the dynamics of the quarter, did you see a pickup in June as the other banks did? And any sense of what drove that? Have you seen any follow-through on that?

Question_26:

    Okay. Last thing for me, Bruce, on the CRES page, in terms of mortgage servicing revenues, is this quarter's core mortgage servicing revenue a stable base as you see it? Or is there further shrinkage in the size of the servicing book from sales that are ongoing that would impact the servicing fees?

Question_27:

    Okay. You're still taking rep and warranty provisions. What are those for? Is that for current originations, or is it still catch-up from past stuff?

Question_28:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_29:

    Thanks, good morning. The first question I had was just a follow-up on CRES. Is there any immediate benefit in terms of the ability to accelerate LAS legacy servicing cost reductions now because of the bulk sale?

Question_30:

    Got it. So what we're really looking at is more what you were talking about in response to John's question a minute ago, which is the potential for one more sale this quarter and then just normal runoff.

Question_31:

    Got it. Question for you, while we're on the topic of mortgage stuff. Obviously you had the $4 billion litigation reserve build essentially this quarter.
It appears, based on what you gave as an after-tax impact that you take a full tax benefit against that. Of course, what we find with a lot of these things, especially with like the DOJ settlements, is that a large amount is not deductible. Do you have any flexibility with respect to being able to use a lower tax rate?

Question_32:

    Got it. Switching topics, you did talk about pricing on commercial loans in the context of not seeing a meaningful increase in commercial loan balances this quarter, and I guess alluded to some discipline that you're exercising. Can you talk a little bit about the conditions that you're seeing in the commercial loan market and where you think there is froth?

Question_33:

    Just to follow up on that, when you say banks competing for that business, are you using the word bank in a traditional sense? Or are you actually seeing a lot of the competition for those type of mid-market loans coming from outside of what we would think of as the traditional banking sector?

Question_34:

    Okay. Then just a housekeeping question, just to make sure I understand what you were saying. You said there were maybe $250 million of gains in Global Markets, I guess. Probably -- not to put words in your mouth -- but things like market.
But I think you said that you did not include those numbers in the core equities or fixed income segment revenues. Is that right?

Question_35:

    Got it, perfect. Thanks for the clarification.

Question_36:

    Great, thanks. I was wondering; you've got a little less than $250 billion of residential real estate loans and $90 billion of home equity. How much do you think those decline before those stabilize?
Because I think you tried to talk about in terms of the overall loan growth. But that's really -- those are really the categories that are shrinking. Do you have a sense as to where those categories will level out?

Question_37:

    Got it. Secondly, the reserve build for legal, I guess, could you talk about how much you have in reserves in total? Or maybe address as to how you came up with that number? Given the fact that I think, if I'm reading the footnotes correctly, that your possible but not accrued losses have stayed flat from the first quarter.

Question_38:

    Great. Just a quick follow-up to the first one. You had mentioned investing some of the runoff from the mortgage and home equity portfolio in securities. Is that in the context of keeping those balances stable? Or would you actually increase that portfolio?

Question_39:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_40:

    Hi, good morning. The first question I have pertains to capital and RWA specifically. Over the last five quarters, we have actually seen the RWAs on a flat to upward trajectory; and then effectively the growth has mirrored the balance sheet growth that we've seen over that same period.
I just wanted to get a sense as to whether there were any additional mitigation levers that you guys could potentially pull; or whether those types of opportunities have been largely exhausted, and thus the growth going forward will likely continue to mirror the balance sheet.

Question_41:

    Okay, thanks. No, that's really helpful. Switching over to GWIM for a moment and actually taking a longer-term view on the earnings power within the segment, there is one area where we have struggled from a modeling perspective. It's trying to contemplate exactly how high the operating margin can get in a rising rate scenario.
Because the operating leverage improvement can be fairly dramatic, but presumably there is that peak margin level where competition is going to intensify to such a degree that effectively there's going to be no more room for improvement beyond, I don't know, let's call it 30%. I didn't know if that was something which you guys had evaluated at least in the context of a rising rate scenario.

Question_42:

    Okay, great. One final one on credit. At your Analyst Day a number of years ago, you had given some guidance on through the cycle charge-off rates. But clearly since that update your loan mix has changed fairly dramatically; and at the same time underwriting standards have tightened meaningfully.
From what I recall, I believe the through-the-cycle charge-off rate at that time that was implied was somewhere in the neighborhood of 120 bps. And clearly it's going to be lower than that going forward, but I was hoping you could give us an update, maybe some updated guidance on where you think that through-the-cycle and that charge-off rate will likely end up.

Question_43:

    Okay, that's great. Thank you for taking my questions.

Question_44:

    Yes, thank you very much. Going back to your LAS costs, excluding litigation, where you mentioned that it's probably -- to get to that $1.1 billion target is going to take another quarter or two. What should we be watching?
And how long do you think that LAS expenses are going to move to become nonmaterial, I guess is another way to say it? Can you give us things, what we should be tracking?

Question_45:

    I'm sorry.

Question_46:

    And just a follow-up. You talked about you do have another MSR sale. I don't know how material that is. But right now there has not been a lot of transfer of MSRs due to various -- well, Lawsky, up in New York, questioning a lot of the stuff that other companies are doing.
Is that -- can that interfere with the sale? Or you think you can sell the MSR without the headline risk of Lawsky?

Question_47:

    Okay, guys. Thank you very much.

Question_48:

    Thanks. I wanted to ask you a couple questions. First off, you've been harvesting about $400 million worth of gains out of the debt portfolio. Is that in the sense of trying to minimize your AOCI risk when rates do go up, as you're shortening the portfolio? Or just wanted to think about your strategy; because that's been a pretty consistent flow through over the last year.

Question_49:

    So I just want to make sure that the gains are just an outflow of that overall strategy that you had talked about.

Question_50:

    Okay. When you look at the Consumer and Business Bank, you have a considerable amount more in deposits than you really have in loans, which to me seems a little bit more skewed than what you would normally expect. How do you strategically think you can utilize that balance sheet funding over time?
Or what are some of the initiatives that you are doing? Because you should be able to penetrate that customer base with more lending.

Question_51:

    Then in the mortgage segment, the CRES, you're still, if you take out the litigation, generating about a $700 million negative loss in the sense of your just pretax pre-prevision between the revenues and expenses. You're talking about bringing down the Legacy Assets & Servicing expenses. But what is the timetable in your mind that would be reasonable to think of closing that $700 million gap?

Question_52:

    Just lastly -- and thanks for letting me ask you a few questions. Because if you're looking at valuation of your servicing portfolio, it dropped off to 82 basis points this quarter, which seems relatively low as the duration of that portfolio is extending.
I know interest rates came back, so the models force you to write it back down. But when you're looking at the prepayment speeds and the refinancing behavior, it seems like eventually that there is some value as that portfolio lasts a lot longer than the model assumes at this point.

Question_53:

    While from an interest rate standpoint I understand that, it just seems like the models have assumed a lot faster prepayments than we really actually experience, which eventually has to true up.

Question_54:

    All right, thanks.

Question_55:

    The questions have been asked and answered. Thanks very much.

Question_56:

    Hi. A couple follow-ups. First on the deposit beta, I appreciate you giving us the color, for every 100 basis point increase it would help by $3.4 billion. You describe the deposit base. But what is the actual deposit beta that you use to come up with the $3.4 billion benefit?

Question_57:

    Okay, 40% for the first 100?

Question_58:

    All right. I think that's in the ballpark of one of your large peers, but below some others. Is the reason that would be below others just because it's a lot of branch-based deposits?

Question_59:

    As it relates to expenses, you've achieved 90% of the $8 billion New BAC savings. I see the branches are 5,023; and I think you said you wanted to be around 5,000 branches. So if I heard you right, I think you're going from a period of rightsizing to growth. Is that a fair characterization?

Question_60:

    Are you reallocating some of the people assigned to New BAC to other areas? It seems like you could dismantle that project group, so to speak.

Question_61:

    Okay. As it relates to loan paydowns, Bruce, you mentioned that some bank loans declined as customers went to the capital markets. In a way, a type of disintermediation from the bank.
But can you elaborate on that? Are you still seeing that this quarter? Do you think that was a one-off event, or is that something we should watch out for?

Question_62:

    What I'm getting to is, do you guys think this is an inflection point for loan growth? I can find one of your large peers who implied that it is; and I can find a large regional bank who says it's not.
Where do you fall out on the spectrum? You said, Brian, that middle-market utilization was up ever so slightly. Can you just give us that utilization number and where you stand?

Question_63:

    So do you think this is an inflection point for loan growth? Or is that an answer you would rather not delve into?

Question_64:

    Okay. At the Annual Meeting, the clock ran out on me before I could ask one question. Very simple. What are your financial targets with and without higher interest rates?

Question_65:

    I'm sorry. So without the 100 basis point shift, the target for ROA and ROTCE is what?

Question_66:

    Okay. Then last question. As it relates to Citigroup's settlement with the DOJ for MBS securitizations and CDOs, you had quite a bit more in MBS securitizations and CDO structuring; and so how can we think about this number and the amount of reserves that you have? I read one press article that you were willing to offer $12 billion and the DOJ wanted $17 billion.
I know you can't go into too much detail on this. But can you just give us a framework for how you view resolving this?
I mean, on the one hand, you could argue maybe you shouldn't pay hardly anything because you bought a lot of these entities that created these deals, and you're just punishing the new shareholders. And on the other hand, if you say that you had 10 times the level of some of this MBS activity, it could be a huge number. So how should we think about that?

Question_67:

    All right. Well, good job with the AIG. I was one of those people who thought it was going to be more, and it wasn't. But that's fine.
I will take any guidance I can get on the legal costs ahead. Thanks a lot.

Question_68:

    Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. Just on the AIG settlement, I actually thought AIG was the only remaining objector. Are there others?

Question_69:

    AIG has agreed to dismiss all its claims -- or its objections, I should say?

Question_70:

    Okay. Great.

Question_71:

    Great. Thanks very much.

