Answer_1:

    I can start off talking about Oculus and virtual reality. So the first thing that I want to stress here is that these kind of new platforms take a long time to develop. So we've said often that we think that virtual reality and augmented reality could be the next big computing platform. But just to put that in perspective and compare it to the development of previous computing platforms, like phones and computers, I think the first smartphones came out in 2003. And in the first year, I think BlackBerry and Palm Treo were the initial smartphones that came out. I think they each sold in the hundreds of thousands of units. So just to kind of give a sense of the time frame that we're thinking about this and how we expect this to develop, that's how we're thinking about that. 
In terms of the actual content, first, we think gaming is going to be the most obvious market. There are around, I think, more than 200 million, almost 250 million people who have either an X-Box, a PlayStation or a Wii.  And we think that that audience is going to the type of people who are going to be very excited about the type of experiences initially that you can have with virtual reality. And the advantage of that is also that some of those can be single player experiences. They don't require a big network effect or a lot of people having the technology or large installed base. 
Once we start getting a bit further along with that, then the next thing that we think is going to be huge is video and immersive experiences, both things that people can create, like the social content that they share on Facebook today, and more professional and premium content, both short form and longer form.  But we'll start to see some experimentation with that. There already is some very good content. But until there are millions of units out in the market, I don't expect that to be a big industry for folks to be investing a huge amount in in 2016. 
Then when they're starting to get to be more units, just like every other major computing platform before that, what we expect is that a large portion of what people do in it will be communication and social behavior, and that's where Facebook really has the DNA and experience to, I think, build the best experiences.  And we're investing in trying to figure out what that's going to look like. That's ultimately a lot of what we're extremely excited about for a number of years down the road.

Answer_2:

    On Instagram, we think that with Facebook and Instagram, we now have the two most important mobile platforms out there. And what we bring to this is a common ads infrastructure. So Instagram ads, now that we've rolled out as we have this past quarter and gotten to a really good product offering, combine the creative format of Instagram, which is very visually compelling and has a lot of engagement from people, with the back-end infrastructure and marketer base that Facebook has. 
So now we have self-service ads rolled out. We've rolled out in all countries where we offer Facebook ads. We have new ad formats for Instagram, all of which can use the same targeting as we have on Facebook and all of which are increasingly tapping into our measurement capabilities. On ad load, we have a lot of experience rolling out ads into feed-based products and we monitor it very carefully and we're going to continue to monitor really carefully. 
We're also excited about how they work together. To share one example, American Express, working with Digitas, rolled out carousel ads on Instagram that targeted travel-related interest groups for people who are 18 years and older. They then retargeted those same people on Facebook. And what they created was a really visual journey, using both the format that is Instagram, the format that is Facebook and combining the two platforms with their targeting. We've think we're at the very beginning of what's possible when we combine these two.

Answer_3:

    To the Instagram question, what we see in the short run is that some of the spend on Instagram is incremental to Facebook and some isn't. Some clients are comfortable with Instagram and bringing a new budget to bear. Some clients are shifting some of their Facebook budget. For us in the medium to long run, we believe that we're not competing between Facebook and Instagram. We're competing with other forms of media. And if you want the most eyeballs, and we think the highest ROI, over time we think that will benefit Facebook and Instagram. 
So for us, what we really want is people to experiment and learn and get to experience Instagram as they have on Facebook so that we can make the case and prove the ROI. And then we believe if you look at the consumer metrics of where people were spending their time, we will be able to gain share compared to almost anything else you can buy out there.

Answer_4:

    And to your question about long form content, the more natural starting point for us is shorter form content, which can either be social content or premium short form content. But the vast majority of the content that's consumed on Facebook, just talking about video right now, is people browsing through feed, they discover something interesting that they weren't necessarily looking for previously. That's very powerful, because that's a behavior that there isn't really anywhere else to do at scale on  the internet today in a great way. And then people watch it there or they bookmark it to watch later. 
But if you're talking about watching inline and feed, that's not the place where you're necessarily going to see a TV show and then watch an hour-long clip right there. So what we're actually seeing is that a lot of the best -- or at least from my perspective -- TV shows that we see folks like Jimmy Fallon breaking up their show into clips that they can now share to be consumed over social media and on the internet in three- to five- or seven-minute segments, which are more of what people want when browsing through news feed. 
I do think over time we will get to more different types of content and we'll build products that serve that. The current market of trying to help people share and experience all these shorter form clips is massive. We are nowhere near serving that as well as we want to. I actually think in a lot of ways, though, the more interesting question is not in the near term what we're going to do to develop ways to consume long form content, but what traditional media and content producers who have traditionally produced long form content are going to do to chunk their stuff up better, so that way it can be more easily consumed by this big community online.

Answer_5:

    Sure, I can start off with the India and China question. They're very different situations. So India is a unique country where there are 1.25 billion people, more than 1 billion of them are not on the internet. It is the country in the world that benefits the most from connectivity. And there's a lot of research that we've seen and reports that third parties have put out that show that when you connect to places like India, it makes a very big difference socially and for the economy there. 
A lot of us here, everyone we know is on the internet and we think about the internet as an entertainment and basic communication. But if you don't have access to a good school, then getting basic internet access could be your best educational information.  Or if you don't have access to a good doctor, then getting access to the internet could be the only way that you can learn about how to avoid certain diseases or how to raise your kids and help them avoid certain diseases and find jobs and a lot of stuff. 
What we find through the research is that for every 10 people that get connected to the internet, a little less than, or right around one person gets lifted out of poverty and one new job gets created. We're very focused on this. It's a huge priority for the Indian government. And anything that we can do to help there, we think is very good for the world and we're invested in that and we're happy to support.  
And Internet.org in India now, there are already more than 1 million people who now have access to the internet who didn't otherwise, because of our efforts. So we're proud of that. But obviously, that's still very early on. We're only working with one operator currently and part of the country, so there's a lot of room to expand that.  And that's just a big opportunity for the internet overall and for India over the next decade, and we hope to play a role in that. 
On China, that is a more complex situation. Obviously, you can't have a mission of wanting to connect everyone in the world and leave out the biggest country. So over the long term, that is a situation that we will need to try to figure out a way forward on. For now, the thing that I would leave you with is that people think that Facebook isn't in China at all,  and that's actually not true. 
Our consumer service isn't active there, but it actually is already one of the biggest advertising markets that we have.  Because there are a lot of really big and important Chinese companies who sell a lot of products to people outside of China.  And they use Facebook as one of their primary tools, in a lot of cases, to spread information about what they're doing and grow their customer base. So we're happy to do whatever we can to help develop the economies in both of those countries and they're both long-term efforts for us.

Answer_6:

    Doug, on your question on 2016, yes, we're not going to, obviously, give specific guidance at this time. That will be coming with our Q4 call. But we're focused on continuing to invest heavily in the business across our near-, mid- and long-term opportunities, and we see a bunch of great opportunities to invest there. So in the near-term, we're focused on growing the community and executing on our existing business.  In the medium term, we're focused on those next generation of services, Instagram, Messenger and WhatsApp.  And in the long term, we've got the investments we're making in things like artificial intelligence, VR, and obviously, the Internet.org efforts that Mark just spoke about. 
Specifically with regards to Oculus and how that could impact the plan for next year, we're, as Mark said, very bullish about the long-term opportunity for VR and excited about the launch for Rift next year. But VR is still very much in the development stage, so it would be early to be talking about large shipment volumes.

Answer_7:

    So I can talk to the multi-app question first. So we view the social space as almost this matrix. You can think about it as a two dimensional grid, where there's one axis is the richness of the content that people want to share. Then the other axis is the size of the audience, or intimacy of how people want to share. So on the first axis, you get everything ranging from text to links to photos to videos to immersive 360 videos and virtual reality content, and this progression. And on the other axis, you get everything ranging from one-to-one messaging to small group communication to communicating with all your friends at once to big interest groups to completely public. 
And what we believe is that you can intersect at any point on that, and there will be something interesting to build. So a small group product for sharing video, that's like -- that's going to be a thing. A one-on-one product for sharing text or calling, that's clearly a thing. A public sharing and consumption product for video, that's a thing. And what we've tried to do is basically figure out the areas that we think are open and are not currently served by the set of products that the industry has built and figure out a way to offer those. 
So one of the big opportunities that I'm really excited about right now is I think that there's a pretty big opening between very private messaging, kind of the one-on-one messaging products like Messenger and WhatsApp, and products like Facebook, where you share with all your friends at once, or Instagram, and in between there, what we're seeing is this huge growth of private groups. And Groups remains one of the, I think, least talked about products on Facebook.  But I just said earlier that we have more than 900 million people are using that every month. It's a huge thing and it's a big area that we can develop going forward. 
So we experiment with all these things in terms of some of them make sense to naturally have inside the Facebook app because you're using the same set of friends and network and connections. Some of them get clear value by being separate, like Messenger, for example, where we can make sure that everyone has their push notifications turned on, which is extremely important for our messaging app. But overall, there's just a lot of stuff in this space and the amount that people want to share and communicate is boundless. And that's I think partially why we're seeing the growth that we are with so many of these products.

Answer_8:

    On SMBs, I think it's one of the most compelling opportunities we have for Facebook. And that's because I think we solve a really big problem for SMBs, which is how are they going to reach customers. In the United States, which is usually the most advanced market, 35% of small businesses have no web presence at all. And building a mobile presence is even harder than a web presence, because most people don't use the mobile web, and mobile apps are expensive to build and hard to get people to use, especially if you're a small business. 
That's why there are 45 million SMB pages on Facebook. These are people who are using Facebook and this free product to create an online and increasingly,  a mobile presence. And then our job is to make sure that free product works for them and then over time, bring them into our paid products. 
We have 2.5 million advertisers and over 80% of them started on Pages and then started with  simplified ad products; and that's what we've done over time and will continue to do that. And what you see is that it's as easy for them to use it as profile and we can give them opportunities to do things they otherwise couldn't do. So to what I said in my transcript before, 1.5 million SMBs posting videos in one month alone. 1.5 million SMBs have not posted or created video on any other platform.  But with us, it's cheap, it's very easy to use, and that gives us a way to continue to work with SMBs and increasingly grow our business with them.

Answer_9:

    I'll start with the question on ad load. It's Dave. And then Sheryl can follow up on the political question. So Justin, over time, ad load has been one of the factors driving year-over-year growth. It's just worth noting that it is up significantly from where we were two years ago. Looking forward, we continue to feel like there are good opportunities to grow the business. I talked about the three factors that contributed to growth this quarter, ad demand, users and engagement, and ad load.  And we see all of those continuing to be factors for growth going forward. And then Sheryl, did you want to take the question on the political?

Answer_10:

    And I'll take Events, too. Just as Mark said with Groups, Events are growing quickly on Facebook. We don't break out by product, but we're pleased with the growth. 
On the elections and political activity and political advertising, we're excited about the elections,  because we think we give politicians and people a really compelling way to interact. If you wanted to feel like you were interacting with someone running for office before, you had to go to a town hall meeting. And increasingly, that's happening on Facebook. Between January 1 and October 7 of this year, over 68 million people on Facebook in the US made over 1 billion interactions about the campaign alone.  And every candidate and every member of Congress is on Facebook now. 
In terms of the revenue impact, no one vertical drives our business. We have a very large and diversified business.  But we think we offer something pretty compelling,  which is the reach of Facebook with very unique targeting. So on Facebook, you can target an ad by district, by interest.  Ben Carson ran 240 different ads targeted at different audiences.  And so we're starting to see candidates use our platform to communicate, to advertise and to share.

Answer_11:

    I can talk about video and the business model around that. So you're definitely right that there's a certain class of content which is only going to come onto Facebook if there's a good way to compensate the content owners for that. And we've recently rolled out the business model for this, which is for premium content, we'll give a revenue share on a portion of the views to the content owners.  And we've got good feedback so far on that. We're working with a small set of partners to start, and we'll roll it out beyond that as that keeps on going. 
But it's important to keep in mind that there are a few different reasons why people share content on Facebook, and that's just one of the use cases. So there are a lot of people who are sharing content socially, because they want to get a message out. That may not be business motivated. 
There are a lot of folks who are business motivated, but who primarily post content in order to promote something or gain distribution for something and that, you can gain value without some kind of rev share. And that's why the video ecosystem has grown so quickly, even before we rolled out a revenue share. 
And now the third class of content, which I think is going to be important, and increasingly important over time, is the one that you basically want to essentially trade the content for money.  And that is one where you need the rev share to unlock that. But we're getting good feedback on that upfront. So we're looking forward to seeing how that trends.

Answer_12:

    On to our marketer segments.  We don't break out by segment, but all of our marketer segments are growing. We're seeing strong growth in brand.  And we believe that's because we're delivering on the promise of personalized marketing at scale. We've worked hard on things that will help brand purchasers feel comfortable on the platform and measure their ROI. So that's where TRP buying comes in, allowing people who usually buy TV ads to plan, buy, measure Facebook ads the same way enables an apples-to-apples comparison that we believe is very strong for our ROI. We've also worked on brand awareness optimization, mobile polling to measure campaign effectiveness, and we're working client by client. 
Our other segments are growing, as well. We're working hard in the direct response area, rolling out things like carousel ads and dynamic product ads. And one thing that's worth understanding is that all of these different marketer segments often work together. To share one example, Ikea wanted to boost their online sales when their stores were closed. So in Norway, most retailers are closed Saturday to Sunday night.  So they invested in carousel ads and only showed them when their stores were closed. And they turned a $35,000 investment in carousel ads into $2 million in sales, which happened precisely when they want it to happen. That's a direct response ad buy, because it's very specific, carousel ads product.  But it's also a brand play for them, as they strengthen their brand and get people to interact with them as they want them to.

Answer_13:

    On engagement, John, I think we're obviously focused across a number of different dimensions to drive engagement. Videos had a big contribution there.  So that's certainly been helpful in terms of making news feed even more engaging and we'll continue to be focusing on a number of initiatives, public content and just sharing with your friends. So there's lots that we are working on engagement to continue to derive time spent. 
On WhatsApp, I don't think there's a particular magical number with 1 billion users. The focus really for our messaging products is to continue to drive user growth and continue to build great products that are fast, useful, engaging and fun. And on that front, they're both doing great. Messenger has over 700 million users and WhatsApp, obviously, has over 900 million users. So the business side is not the main focus right now. We believe there are going to be opportunities as we further scale those properties.

Answer_14:

    I can answer the policy question, and then I guess Sheryl will take the other one. The guiding principle for us on this is that we want to give the most voice to the most people. And the idea is that there are all these different barriers that any given person has to being able to share and express everything that they want, from technical barriers -- it's really hard to communicate with someone if you're not on the internet and they're far away -- to product barriers -- it's hard to share videos if we don't have a good product for sharing videos -- to legal barriers -- it's hard to share content that your government says is illegal for you to share.  And at the end of the day, there's also policy, and you're in a community and we have community standards for how we think people should communicate in order to be safe. 
Because even if you have all of the internet connectivity and the products and the legal framework that you need, if you don't feel safe saying what you want to express, then you're probably not going to share it. And we see a lot of that online and that's a pretty big issue. Everything from bullying to terrorism, there are lots of reasons why people might otherwise have the tools to share what they would want, but feel silenced. And that isn't giving the most voice to the most people. So we feel a responsibility to have policies for our community which limit hate speech and limit things which are going to create just an overwhelmingly uncomfortable environment for people that is going to silence other people's speech, in order to make sure that over the long term we are enabling the most people to be able to express as much as possible as they can. And that's the philosophy that we have.

Answer_15:

    On commerce going into the holiday season, commerce is a really important vertical for us and we're working hard to make our ads more effective. So what we're seeing from DPA ads and carousel ads, we're really happy with. We're seeing lower cost per conversion when people do multiple objectives and video. We're seeing lower post per click than single image link ads. And importantly, we're also creating better experiences for people. 
Because when an ad is more targeted, more relevant, when you see a product you're interested in or a service you're interested in, that's a better experience. So we go into the holidays feeling that we have a really strong product offering, certainly the best product offering we've ever had, to connect people to the products they're going to buy this holiday.

Answer_16:

    You're right that quality is really important to us.  Because your experience on Facebook or Instagram is about the quality of what you see, both in terms of the organic posts you see from your friends or public people you're following and the ads, as well. And what we do is we monitor it carefully. We ramp slowly. We monitor engagement sentiment, quality of ads. We get a lot of feedback directly from people who use Facebook. They can X out the ads. If they do, we ask them why they're X'ing out the ads. And we just continue to monitor the metrics. 
We're pleased with what's happened with quality on our platform overall. And a lot of the product innovations and investments I've been talking about on this call feed into quality. The carousel ads, they're not just that they're showing multiple products, it's that they're showing products that are more specifically directed at the person. And so a lot of the underlying things we do to build our ad systems don't just feed into revenue, they feed into quality.  And that's important, because over the long run, our quality today is our revenue tomorrow.

Answer_17:

    Hello, Mark, it's Dave. Just on the user growth point, we're obviously pleased with the growth we're seeing across the globe.  In terms of DAU growth, the three largest countries were India, the US and Brazil. So we're seeing good, diversified growth. 
Specifically, we've made a lot of initiatives to help improve and invest in the Facebook experience in emerging markets, and that has helped drive some of the acceleration and growth. So we've made a number of product and performance investments there, with Facebook Lite being a good example of that. The question then was on video and discovery.

Answer_18:

    And also just on the growth point, I just think the team that's working on that is executing extremely well. Sometimes it's not that you came up with some brilliant strategy, it's just like really good work consistently over a long period of time. And I think they are. 
On video, yes, right now the strength in our system is definitely through helping people discover content that they hadn't really asked for through news feed.  And a lot of I think what we need to do is give people a way to see all of the videos that page that they like or follow is interested in sharing on Facebook.  And that's -- there's a pretty clear road map of stuff we're going to do over the next couple of years that I'm quite excited about to add some more dimensions to the video experience on Facebook. But we're just so early in this right now. It's pretty amazing how quickly it's growing, but there's a lot more to do.

Answer_19:

    Our goal is to give marketers the highest return they can and over time, to capture the amount of budget that's equivalent to the percentage of media time we capture. And we're not there. Consumers have shifted to mobile and consumers have moved to Facebook and Instagram more quickly than ad budgets, and that's the opportunity we have in front of us. 
What product you use really depends upon what you're trying to do. If you're trying to tell a brand story, then you want to do a video ad. If you're trying to sell a direct product, then you want to use DPA ads. And all of these products and all of the underlying targeting, like custom audiences, are designed to help people meet different objectives.  And we're trying to be really clear on that. If you're trying to move a brand objective, if you want to move favorability or brand sentiment, we can do that.  And that's often a video ad or one of our branded ads or you optimize for brand awareness. If you're trying to sell a product, you might want to use carousel ads or dynamic product ads.  And the targeting that is custom audiences underlies all of our product offerings. So our goal is to have lots of different things we can do for our marketers and measure them really deeply all the way through to business results.

Answer_20:

    And Ross, you just asked about yields. The way the auction system works, it's going to be just be whatever is the ad that is going to necessarily have the best return is going to win in the auction. So it doesn't necessarily mean you're paying a premium for a given product. And so if we've got a good DPA ad, that might win in the auction for a given user.

Answer_21:

    Operator, we have time for one last question.

Answer_22:

    Sure. So on search, we already have one very big use case, which is people basically using our search engine to look up pages and people who are on Facebook. And that by itself is already one of the biggest search engines in the world. 
The next big use case that we've really been working on for a couple of years now and I think is going to -- is starting to roll out and is growing quickly is people finding content on Facebook. So that's Trending. It's people finding posts that their friends or others had posted on news feed that they saw but might want to go check out later.  And I think this is going to be a very important part of the video experience, as well, because one half is push, going to news feed and not asking for content, but just coming across and discovering it. And then the other half is pull and going to some experience where you're asking for some type of content.  And getting to a point where we can do that very well is just going to add a whole new dimension to the service. 
So that's something I remain very excited about. In some ways, it's taken a little bit longer than I'd expected to get to a point where it's growing quickly. The people and page look up part is doing very well. The post part has taken a bit longer, but I'm very excited about that going forward. 
In terms of news, the biggest issue with news today in Facebook is that it is the slowest part of the experience. You go to load a video and it loads quickly. We made it auto play to load even quicker. You tap on a photo, you expect it to expand immediately.  But you tap on a link and often, it can take 10 seconds to load. And if you're on a 2G connection somewhere in the developing world, it could take 30 seconds to load. 
The big initiative that we have here, which I'm really excited about, is Instant Articles. And the big thing that that does is just it lets publishers basically put the content on our servers ahead of time, and that way, when people tap on it, it loads instantaneously, and it can be a much more immersive experience.  And we've already found, from the initial experiments that we've done,  that the engagement is positive, and we're starting to roll that out more broadly. I think that's going to be a really big deal for improving the experience of reading news on Facebook,  and it's something that we've been working on for a while and I'm very excited about it. 
So yes, I would expect that we will see an expansion of sharing and consumption of all of the different types of things that you asked about, news, video, search and the different experiences there.  And these are some of the big areas that we're investing in.  And they're long-term investments and they're big investments and we're going to keep on pushing on them.  But I think that's what we need to do to serve our community well and ultimately connect everyone in the world. So thank you, guys.

Answer_23:

    Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again.

