Question_1:

    Hey, good morning. Just maybe let's focus -- I'll focus my question on expenses and then I'll get back in the queue. But I think outside of incentive comp expenses generally were better than I was expecting and how much of that is to simplify and improve and how much more do you think there is to do on some of these core expenses I guess is number one?

Question_2:

    And you think there's more to do there? I guess maybe in the context of your discussion around digitization and Consumer, that seems like that could be a longer-term tailwind. Do you guys agree? And do you think that's a material mover or just more incremental?

Question_3:

    That's helpful. And maybe just one ticky tack question on the FDIC charge. It wasn't clear. Is that an annual expense or is that going to be quarterly at $100 million?

Question_4:

    Okay, all right. Great. Thank you very much.

Question_5:

    Good morning. Any outlook you can provide in terms of the potential for additional reserve boosts related to energy? We heard one bank yesterday talk about maybe another [$]500 million, although a lot of variability around that number they pointed to. And obviously their book is different than yours, but any thoughts if conditions stay where they are now on additional reserve boosts?
And then just related to that, the outlook for additional reserve release in the rest of the portfolio given, as you mentioned, trends continue to be strong or even improve in some areas.

Question_6:

    Okay. That's helpful. And then just separately, kind of big picture from a regulatory point of view if I look back to last year, you've had some steps forward, some steps backwards. Obviously had to resubmit on CCAR. That was a net positive once you got the results back. You got the approval for the extra 1% buyback which I think symbolically a lot of investors view and I view as positive.
You've got the living will issue that came up yesterday for you and a number of others. Just at a very high level, maybe give us an update on how you are feeling from the regulatory point of view and where the areas are that you feel like you still need to improve.

Question_7:

    Hi, good morning. Hey, couple of questions. One is on the quality of the book. You went through and reminded us how much you've improved the quality of book in the Consumer. Could you speak to that in the commercial as well, ex-energy?
And then give us a sense as to whether or not you think that's embedded in the CCAR results. I'm just trying to get an understanding of whether or not you think that RWA hit that you had to take could potentially come down as commercial rolls through?

Question_8:

    Do you think that can help in the buyback ask as you go through -- it's not just a question about this year but just over time?

Question_9:

    Okay, and then just separately, you talked a bit about the mobile user increase. And I just wanted to get your sense as to the opportunity from here. You recently launched the new app with mobile pay, which you've been doing internally but now you can do externally.

Question_10:

    Could you give us a sense as to how that's resonating with clients? Is there an opportunity set here for you and are you going to market it a little bit more aggressively going forward?

Question_11:

    I mean eventually you've got an elimination of checks and some of your bill pay costs potentially go down as well, I would assume?

Question_12:

    Okay, but that's in line with expectations to bring down the consumer expense ratio? I mean, is that really the driver of getting the consumer expense ratio down is the backend on the payments piece?

Question_13:

    Okay. And just remind us what your goal is to get the consumer expense ratio to?

Question_14:

    All right. Thank you.

Question_15:

    Hi, good morning. I was wondering about -- on the net interest income side if you could talk a little bit about, Paul, what kind of outlook we should think about for the core net interest income. That was [$10.6 billion] this quarter. If rates are relatively stable and we don't see any hike for a while, how should that trend with all the puts and takes?

Question_16:

    Okay, and you do get a day count [help] modest in the second quarter from the first, right? Doesn't that help?

Question_17:

    Going into the second. Okay. And then just on trading, there was a quote in the media from you this morning, Paul, saying March felt better in certain areas. Could you just give us a little color on what changed in March on the trading front? What got better? Has that carried over a little bit into April? And how are you thinking about the Brexit vote from a risk and revenue impact potentially as that comes up this spring?

Question_18:

    Okay, thank you. And in terms of March, what -- could you just -- any color on what got better? What felt better? Which areas of the business? Could you help on that?

Question_19:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_20:

    Hi, thanks very much. On slide 12 you noted your asset sensitivity increased a bunch from the prior quarter. You mentioned driven by the drop in long end rates. Could you talk through how that actually works. And then how much of the $6 billion is short end versus long end?

Question_21:

    Separate one. If you look at the ROA [full] year on year, it's a large amount on a percentage basis from 59% down to 50%. I'm just curious, I wouldn't think weak capital markets in the quarter was the big driver, but I guess the question is what's the big driver of it. And are the new business you are putting on coming in at higher ROA so we should expect that to rise from here, assuming not so crazy markets?

Question_22:

    Okay. One last tiny one is Wealth Management margins increased a couple hundred basis points quarter on quarter. 500 year on year without the help of revenues. Expenses were down a bunch. You mentioned the $100 million roll off of the previous amortized retention awards. What's the rest of the expense saves inside Wealth Management? It's pretty good in a world that didn't have much revenue.

Question_23:

    Is that nonproduction expenses, meaning usually the comp stuff goes hand-in-hand with revenues?

Question_24:

    Okay, perfect. Thank you.

Question_25:

    Hey, thank you very much, guys. On the legacy asset, on the -- you lowered your loans from 103,000 to 88,000 on the high touch servicing or default servicing. How much of that was sold or are you guys just working through the book?

Question_26:

    Just working it down? And has -- the new stuff coming in, is that still a material amount or it has that been -- is that mainly done? Like you're not really getting a lot of new stuff coming into this bucket?

Question_27:

    And then you said in the quarter -- and you disclosed this a very, very clearly -- that it was about $700 million on this. Where can we -- can this be cut in half by the end of the year? When does this really become immaterial do you think?

Question_28:

    Okay, guys. Guys, thank you very much.

Question_29:

    Thanks very much. If I could just refer back to slide 16 for a moment. There's been a lot of debate about the dynamics in the auto lending market, about deterioration in underwriting and the risks of large amounts of used cars coming off of lease. Could you give us any granularity about what you are seeing in lending across the FICO spectrum and how you are anticipating that residual issue to play out?

Question_30:

    Right, and when you say that you pulled forward some flow, what do you mean by that?

Question_31:

    And that was primarily on the indirect side?

Question_32:

    Okay. Thanks very much for the clarity.

Question_33:

    Hi, my short question is when will the return on equity go into the double-digit range? Look, you have a good franchise and balance sheet. You're showing growth in loans, deposits, online banking, other areas. And you're showing lower, better expenses, branches, headcount, risk but it's not adding up. I mean your stock is 15% below tangible book value and this was yet one more quarter of mid-single-digit ROEs and worse than peer efficiency.
So my question is why is Bank of America less efficient than peer? And it's tough on the outside to know because you have $2 billion of expenses in Other that's not allocated to the business lines. What is your Plan B if rates don't go up and when will the ROE go into the double-digits?

Question_34:

    All right, if I can follow-up. Despite all the progress that you've made -- and you talked about the LAS expenses, you can talk about New BAC, you can talk about the quarterly expense rate since 2011. But your core EPS is still $0.33 this quarter, and it was a weak -- tough quarter, tough environment, but it still in that $0.35 range.
So despite all those expense savings we're not seeing it in the core EPS number that's still around $0.35. So where did all those expense savings go or is this going to come through in future quarters?
And I know I've asked this question on many earnings calls and also thank you, Bank of America, for having that -- and Brian for having that opening letter from the lead director in the annual report. Jack Bovender says that he wants to engage more with investors.
And so I do hope that he takes my questions at the annual meeting to engage a little bit more because I've asked this so many times. I still don't feel like I have an answer that I understand, so just one more try at it, Paul. Just where are these expense savings going if EPS is still in the same range?

Question_35:

    So, no new New BAC coming up or anything like that? It's just -- as I guess, Brian, you've said, you grind it out. It's just -- it would be nice to see more of the progression. Is it -- do you think it's a 2016 event? A 2017 event? Or we just -- when rates go up we'll see more of it?

Question_36:

    All right. Thank you, Paul.

Question_37:

    Hi, good morning. So, I had a follow-up to Glenn's earlier question on the Wealth Management margin. I just want to get a sense as to whether we should be thinking about that 26% margin that we saw in the quarter as a good jumping off point, just given some of the tailwinds you had spoken to, whether it be the higher-margin NII growth and the absence of the legacy Merrill awards. And I suppose as it relates to that, are preparation efforts for things such as DoL compliance potentially going to weigh on the margin in future quarters?

Question_38:

    Okay. So it sounds as though a lot of the incremental expense is already in the run rate and that you don't anticipate much revenue disruption based on the final rule as written?

Question_39:

    Okay. Got it. And maybe just focusing on the expense base within Global Markets. Was certainly pleased to see the absolute level of dollar expense was, from what I could tell, the lowest level that we've seen over the last five years. So clearly some of the efforts that you highlighted to right size the cost base have borne fruit.
And as we think about the expense trajectory for this business, what should we expect in an environment where the trading revenues are relatively stable or consistent with what we saw in the most recent quarter? Is that [$2.4 billion] a reasonable run rate expectation?

Question_40:

    Okay. And can you quantify how much of a benefit that provided, Paul?

Question_41:

    Okay, got it. And then just one more final one for me, just on the investment banking side. You talked about stability in March continuing into April on the trading business. One of your competitors talked about actually seeing some improving trends in the capital raising environment in April versus what was clearly a challenging quarter in 1Q.
I didn't know if you were seeing some improvement on the capital raising side as well. And if you can give us an update just in terms of backlogs in some of the other pockets like M&A, that would be helpful.

Question_42:

    Thanks. Good morning. Brian, right at the outset you said that there has really been no meaningful change in the customer base activity. And then the following on your comments about stable capital markets, you are growing the core loan book now double-digits still, 11%. I'm just wondering how much of that is the environment holding up. How much of that is still the spigot opening from reasonable growth? And just your outlook in terms of customer behavior on the lending side?

Question_43:

    Yes, Brian, to that last point, how much opportunity actually, without pointing to compromising, but how much more spigot opening can you still do, to your point about the post crisis, the tightening up internally? Are you still under lent, if at all. Or you still have to be somewhat careful about where we are in this stage of the economic cycle being that we are seven-plus years into an expansion?

Question_44:

    Okay, got it. so in some -- you think this 10% plus primary lending is still achievable? That's what it sounds like from what you're saying.

Question_45:

    Okay. Understood. Thanks, guys.

Question_46:

    Good morning. Brian, I think we've all over the last few years been trying to find banking normal and it's proving hard to find. And it kind of has begun to strike some of us that maybe first quarter -- what we saw in the first quarter in terms of volatility and continued low rates, etc., etc., is banking normal, at least for the foreseeable future.
And under that scenario, if you believe that, would you -- have you begun to look at -- take a second look at your businesses again? And will there be any sort of reallocation of capital going forward and are there businesses you might want to exit?

Question_47:

    Right. Just as an add-on and looking at costs in the consumer bank, and you look at your mobile penetration and how it's going up, etc., etc. Is there a magic number in terms of -- mobile transactions, mobile penetration, just the whole use of mobile in your Company where I think you've been a leader that will lead to sort of a step down in branches. Are we sort of on this threshold of being able to take branches down yet another however many?

Question_48:

    Okay. Thank you.

Question_49:

    Thank you.

Question_50:

    Thanks. I wanted to focus on mortgage banking and the retention of those loans, more on the balance sheet than continuing to push them to the GSIBs. Is that regulatory driven or are you really looking for that higher retention rate because you're looking for some assets that have duration, so is that one of the better maybe option adjusted yields that you can get at this point?

Question_51:

    And a follow-up to that is if you look at the impact of that on the business segments you actually are increasing the portfolio by about 30%, which is showing that retention. However, if you look at All Other, it's more than overkill swamping that growth.
You had about a $45 billion reduction, and kind of getting back to Mike's question about where is the benefits going, just the reduction in All Other, that almost $50 billion of loans is over $1 billion worth of NII that is going away, whereas you are having to do and invest and spend money to generate the 30% growth in the business.
So is the runoff still part of where some of the leakage is that we are hoping to get in all the improvements in growth that you're showing in the core? And when does that -- what's left is about $100 billion, when is that finally done so that you wouldn't have that leakage anymore?

Question_52:

    Got you. Thanks.

Question_53:

    Hi, it's a follow-up on mortgage. So I think one of your suppliers or one of your partners, PHH, mentioned that you were going to be pulling back some of the servicing to yourself. And I just wanted to understand did you have to do anything to build for that book of business or is this already something that's in your run rate on the expense side and we're going to be bringing in incremental revenues on the mortgage servicing side?

Question_54:

    Okay, and is this the beginning of pulling it all over?

Question_55:

    okay. All right. That's great. Thank you.

