Answer_1:

    Sure. A couple things, Betsy. I think the first thing, if you look at the balance sheet from the second quarter to the third quarter and you look at the securities portfolio, you can see that virtually the entire increase in the securities portfolio related to treasury securities that tend to have a maturity in the four to five-year life perspective as opposed to longer-dated agency securities.
The second thing that I mentioned is just, and references what we would look to do with respect to our buy ticket during the fourth quarter and I think at this point we're being very cautious in looking at that buy ticket given the overall rate environment that we see that's 30 to 35 basis points lower than what we saw during the second quarter of 2014. And there's also a little bit of roll to spot risk that you have as we look out and I'd say if we aggregate those two items and put it in the context of NII risk for the quarter, those two items could be roughly $100 million of risk relative to what we saw during the third quarter.

Answer_2:

    The $100 million risk that I referenced is relative to the actual net interest income in the third quarter once we back out for market-related items.

Answer_3:

    Sure. I think the biggest thing I'd point to, Betsy, is if you look at what we've done, if you look at the number of FTEs that we have, which tends to drive a lot of the expense, we're down 7% year-over-year and down 2% on a linked-quarter basis. And you see the flow-through of those benefits through a number of line items. I think one of the most important things to look at is if you go to our supplemental materials and flip to page 4, we show you nine different expense items and if you look at those line items and exclude the other category, which includes litigation expense, all eight line items are down both on a linked-quarter and a year-over-year basis. So as we continue to be efficient and continue to manage down overall headcount as a result of the various programs we've talked about, as well as just generally, you do continue to see grinddown expenses across all categories across the Company.

Answer_4:

    And Betsy, just to put it in a broader perspective, I think how would you manage the Company if a low rate environment continues is a lot like we've been managing it now, continuing to be careful in every expense item, every headcount, but at the same time investing in the business. And so if you think over the last year, we've added small business bankers and financial service advisors, the people who work in the branches for Merrill Edge and the Merrill Lynch teams. We've added sales of mortgage loan officers in the retail segment while we reduce the overall numbers. And so we've been able to accomplish a reduction in expenses at the same time we're making the investments, $3.5 billion in technology last year, probably $3.3 billion or so this year. So we'll continue to make those investments. So that means that the New BAC left to implement helps offset any kind of inflationary growth you get and on top of that, we continue to work on initiatives to continue to simplify the Company and eliminate non-core products, etc. to continue to keep the expenses where they are.

Answer_5:

    No, we're just doing the daily work that we need to do and remember, we're offsetting all the inflation and healthcare costs and wages and everything that goes on in a normal day. But we've made the raw reduction we talked about; now it's just business as usual and go to work.

Answer_6:

    Sure. No, we went back and noticed the same thing, Glenn. There were a few items that were 10s, 20s, and 30s that rounded, but as we go out and look and as we have freshened up and look forward, I would say that the forward look on credit as we look forward relative to when we looked at it last quarter, we do continue to see continued improvements, albeit at a slower pace from a charge-off perspective once you adjust for the non-performing loan sales.

Answer_7:

    I think as we looked out and as you look to fill up the various non-CET1 buckets, you can see that we obviously had the Buffett Series T in May and we've issued about $4.6 billion to get where we're largely filled up on the preferred bucket and the sub debt issue of $3 billion was relative to approximately $5 billion to fill up that bucket from an overall capital perspective. And at this point, I would say from an OLA perspective we continue to read what you do. We feel like we've been very prudent in building up the significant debt stack at the parent and we'll just have to see where the regulation goes from here and we're obviously waiting to see exactly what that is.

Answer_8:

    I'd say the first is, as it relates to the balance sheet, I believe it was roughly two-thirds of the production from a first lien perspective would have gone on the balance sheet during the quarter.

Answer_9:

    In terms of just the origination quality, we continue to focus as we have for quite a long time here on originating high-quality prime mortgages while still fulfilling our duties to get customers credit for home purchases. The originations continue to rise. The purchase component obviously is rising too, so we feel good about where we are and you can see that the new purchase requests from the agencies and stuff have come down dramatically. So we're not going to change course at the end of the day because we feel good about the credit quality that we're taking on producing for ourselves and for investors.

Answer_10:

    Well, I think we have a strong Board. It's a team with various people with various skills and backgrounds and that diversity really helps us. So I think the Board's decision, as we put out a few weeks ago when the announcement was made, this is continued great governance, continued commitment to good governance. Jack Bovender, the lead director, takes over from Chad Holliday, who served as Chair for about 4.5 years and did a great job for us and the Board is very committed to continuing to have the strong governance, especially in the heightened expectations from the regulators and the enhanced supervisor prudential standards from the Fed. And so we feel good about the governance, but it's a team effort in how the Board works together and I think your points that Chad made in the announcement are that the Board feels very good about the accomplishments of the management team and this is part of the progression in that regard.

Answer_11:

    It's the Board's decision, but we consult with the regulators on all our major decisions in the Company, but I think the key is to how we operate as a Board and how we govern the Company and I think it will be for the benefit of the shareholders as it has been.

Answer_12:

    A couple questions. The first thing is we focus on the deposits. I wouldn't say it benefited LCR, but what it enabled us to do was continue to rationalize the balance sheet without hurting LCR. That relates to the deposit optimization. With respect to the mortgage loans, the $6.5 billion that we reference where we converted mortgage loans into agency securities, that's basically taking $6.5 billion of non-LCR benefit asset and converting them to $6.5 billion of LCR benefit. So that would have been the one pickup of the activities that we mentioned, as well as just the reinvestment of repayment of legacy loan proceeds into securities once again helps LCR. So the actions with respect to bullet one under the key balance sheet benefited LCR. The $15 billion of deposits just enable us to rationalize the overall size of the balance sheet.
As it relates to CCAR and the actions that are taken, as we look to manage the Company, we continue to look to manage out the higher risk categories of loans. And if you look at what we did in the second quarter with just over $2 billion of non-performing loan sales and $2.5 billion this quarter, we would clearly expect that, as you look at those from a CCAR perspective, they would be higher loss content loans relative to the rest of the portfolio. But the rationale and the goal to move those out was to reduce the risk in a market environment that was very favorable and we feel good about those actions that we took.

Answer_13:

    Sure. So from an overall LCR perspective at the parent, we're at approximately 110% at the parent, so we're well in excess of where we need to ultimately be in 2017. Within the bank level, we're well above the 80% level and would look to drive that to be north of 100% during the first half of 2015, well in advance of the 2017 implementation. As we move forward and we look at the balance sheet, the goal as we go forward, and you saw a little bit, it's interesting, if you compare the loans in the three principal businesses where we make loans in the segments that we've laid out here and that would be in our Consumer business, in our Wealth Management business, as well as in our Global Banking business, that average loans within those segments are up about 2% on a year-over-year basis and we're clearly very focused on looking to drive out and push out and grow loans. We're obviously focused on growing deposits with our core customers, which will benefit LCR as well and I think as it relates to the overall size of the balance sheet, we want to continue to be more efficient, but I don't think you're going to see the magnitude of move in the balance sheet going forward that you saw during this quarter.

Answer_14:

    It would reflect two things, John. It's both the roll to spot risk, as well as the buy ticket during the fourth quarter.

Answer_15:

    Well, to the extent that we don't reinvest and build up cash, it will increase our asset sensitivity and the benefit to rising rates when that occurs.

Answer_16:

    This is much more, John, I think just realizing what we've seen during the quarter and being cautious on buy ticket during the fourth quarter to manage net interest income risk with OCI risk, but we're not talking about any kind of material shift. We're just flagging something for you given the magnitude of the rate move that we've seen so far this quarter.

Answer_17:

    I would say that the -- it tends to move -- the FAS 91 moves most and is most correlated to the 10 year and I would say that as you look at OCI risk, it tends to be more correlated to long-term mortgage rates.

Answer_18:

    I think, John, I would look at the charge-offs adjusted for the portfolio sales that we said came down from $1.3 billion to $1.2 billion and assuming the overall economic environment doesn't change, we have continued to see improvements in the credit portfolios. And I think practically speaking, if you look at the reserve release during the quarter, once you adjust for the DOJ amount of $400 million, that you're not going to see reserve releases. I think clearly they will be a fair bit below the $800 million that we would have seen this quarter on an adjusted basis.

Answer_19:

    Sure. The disallowed amount continues to be in the $15 billion to $16 billion type area. And as we look out between now and the end of 2015, we would expect that the CET1 should build generally consistent with pre-tax earnings all the way through the end of 2015.

Answer_20:

    I believe between what came through in the charge-off line and the net, I think the NPAs were roughly $150 million, Mike.

Answer_21:

    Correct.

Answer_22:

    As we look at rate assumptions, what we do is when we go through our internal forecasting process, we snap and manage the business just based on the forward curve of what the market is telling us. And clearly, I think if we look out at and look at the rate movement that we've seen over the course of the last couple weeks, people are obviously more cautious that rates may not be moving up at the level that they had had, but it's clearly been very volatile over the last 30 days.

Answer_23:

    Well, I think that as we look forward, Mike, I think it's a little bit of why we said what we did about a little bit of caution during the fourth quarter; that at this point as we look out and given the impact that OCI has to capital, until we see where rates settle out as they continue to move around, we continue to be very cautious with the buy ticket. And when we do it, we're investing clearly a little bit shorter than longer at this point, given the risk that OCI has to capital and being mindful of that.

Answer_24:

    No, I think it's a couple things, Mike. The first is that I want to make sure that we emphasize is that we still have a couple hundred million dollars of expenses to get out in the LAS area between now and the first quarter of 2015. And clearly, $1.1 billion of LAS expenses that we've set to get to in the first quarter of 2015 is not where we would expect to operate on a longer-term basis. And there's additional work that we need to do there.
The second area, just broadly speaking, that we highlighted is that clearly we'd expect, given what litigation has been, that that over time is going to come down. And then the third thing -- and when I said directionally expenses moving with revenues is just if we look at some of the areas, particularly within the wealth management area that we've seen, that there is a component of compensation and incentives that's very clearly tied to revenues, not unlike what you see within the Global Banking and the Global Markets space.

Answer_25:

    I think if rates don't go higher, what you see in terms of earnings is what we've got to drive through this quarter. So, Mike, when you look at the charts Bruce showed you and I showed you, you can see that the core businesses have earned several billion dollars after-tax this quarter, and the CRES business took it away. And as that comes down, you'll see those earnings flow through. So you can compute the ROE based on that.
But basically we're earning -- you can see on page 18 the net income levels across the businesses each quarter. And our job is to take the commercial real estate business which is -- you see it for the year to date -- take the commercial real estate business which has lost money and get that back to breakeven. And that's the work we'll do. In absence of rate rising, it's not a lot different than it is right now.

Answer_26:

    I think what they've been clear about in the published documents by the OCC and their heightened standards, their enhanced standards and recently in the Fed, they care about the engagement of the Board and the diversity of the Board and the experience of the Board and we have a good Board and it's experienced and has all the diversity and credible challenge and all the words that are used to describe that. And that's the core of the governance point that they make.

Answer_27:

    Sure. I think I would start and just reiterate as we look at capital on a go-forward basis, you basically have three items that are going to affect things. The first is your level of profitability and I just want to reiterate that we would expect once again on a go-forward basis to accrete capital on a pre-tax basis. And the second is the impact that OCI has to those capital ratios. We obviously saw during the quarter rates went up on the mortgage side. I believe it was about 5 basis points during the quarter and there were some security gains as well. That was what led to the change in overall OCI and as I said before, given the environment we're in where rates are down about 30 basis point so far quarter-to-date, that would have a benefit today to capital and we're just mindful of reinvesting so that we don't take on any greater OCI risk on a go-forward basis.
As it relates to what we're looking through and as you look at the overall risk-weighted asset work that's been done, I would say that clearly as we continue to work through the legacy home equity, as well as the first mortgage portfolios that do not benefit from a standby agreement, as we continue to work those assets down, that should enable us to grow the core and still keep risk-weighted assets generally constant. And I think more specific to your point, the other two things are that we continue to look to work through and we have the runoff of some of the structured credit and other portfolios that we're trying to accelerate that come off between now and 2017.
Then the last piece that we continue to work hard on and you saw it in the op risk, that is we updated the models for the time series. You do have the increase to risk-weighted assets and we're working hard to get to where we need to be from that model perspective as we would hope in 2015 if we're successful to go ahead and exit parallel run at that point.

Answer_28:

    I think it's -- obviously as others have noted, it's an ongoing process. I think the important thing is if you compare our operational risk number relative to our peers, we're at roughly 30% and if you do the math against the risk-weighted assets, we're at the if not the top the upper end of where others are from that, but we obviously have work to do to get that finalized to be in a position to exit.

Answer_29:

    Sure. I would say that the most competitive area that we continue to see is within the commercial banking space of our Global Banking segment, which are those middle-market type companies that tend to be loans that have one or two banks provide all of the credit and clearly the remaining services that go along with servicing those customers tends to go to those that provide the credit. And that's where you've seen the most competition.
I think it is interesting, if you look at and go back to our table on the international side as we've continued to shape the balance sheet and look for return, you've actually seen a step up in the yield in our international lending activity. And within the large corporate space of our Global Banking space, we have seen some stability in yields within that. So I'd really focus -- most importantly it's within the commercial -- the middle-market commercial space where we're seeing the most pressure on yields.

Answer_30:

    So just to add a little color there. Our view was along two dimensions. One, on the international side, we had strong loan growth a couple years ago into last year and now we have to materialize our structured management and other revenue streams under increasing our credit exposure and Tom and the team growing the business. So there was a growth of loans that then has to be a follow-through of growth of transactional revenue, etc.
And on the middle-market, I think the team went for optimization and we are going to continue to stress that they need to be able to manage both the optimization and the growth of the portfolio. So we're pushing on them to get the balance probably back a little bit more in skew than they had in the last couple quarters.

Answer_31:

    I think they're related to each other, that we think it's prudent balance sheet management, but they're independent actions that are part of prudent balance sheet management.

Answer_32:

    So Guy, I'd say thematically, but not necessarily directly.

Answer_33:

    No, it's not.

Answer_34:

    So to be clear, when we set up the $5 billion reserve or the $5.3 billion hit this quarter, that was to cover cash payments, as well as all expected costs associated with implementing our $7 billion of consumer relief. And the part of it that flows into the provision line item that's $400 million, that is a reserve to take care of the what would have been the P&L impact from the modifications that would happen within the different loans that we're modifying. So on a go-forward basis, assuming that we've got this set up the way that we do, there should not be any future P&L impact from DOJ. The only impact there will be on the balance sheet is you see the reserve number come down as we implement the consumer relief programs.

Answer_35:

    Obviously this is a matter that we take very seriously from the Board engagement, the talents that we have on the Board to help us with this all the way through management. Cathy Bessant and her team in tech and ops and we spend hundreds of million dollars on it a year and it's been growing and we expect it to continue to grow. It's the key to keep our customers and our teammates secure and we continue to work on it. So this is nothing but hard work and we continue to work with both the law enforcement authorities, the various government agencies and among our industry through the various trade groups and formal engagements to try to drive our competencies in industry up. So we're spending a lot of money on it, several hundreds of millions of dollars and we expect that to continue to increase.

Answer_36:

    So if you recall, Guy, what we've done and what we continue to refine each quarter is that as we continue to see rep and warrant claims, there was a reserve set up back in the second quarter of 2011. A piece of it was for Gibbs & Bruns. There was a piece of it that was for bank-issued rep and warrant and then there was a piece that was for third party and we obviously look at those reserves each quarter and adjust those reserves for the activity. In those cases where we have enough activity to have a reserve, we obviously have those and to those areas that are still uncertain, we provide the range of possible loss. As you referenced, the range of possible loss with respect to rep and warrant activity continues to be up to $4 billion.

Answer_37:

    That's correct.

Answer_38:

    It's a good question. So the decision to move the $6.5 billion from loan to security form was based on LCR. It doesn't change the fact that when you move that that you still have the asset on the balance sheet. So I think that $6.5 billion is a fair adjustment to make and I would agree that the $2.5 billion where we sold the non-performing loans and quite frankly there's not much left there to attack is a fair adjustment, which gets you to the $9 billion.
The other thing when you look at those loans that I do think is important is that, on the home equity side, with those legacy home equity portfolios, which we want to get repaid, that repayments within those were roughly $3.5 billion, which were greater than the funded amount that came on from a new home equity origination perspective. So I come back to that, within those more discretionary portfolios, what's happening there is what we want to happen there, that they're repaying and we're converting them to more liquid instruments. And I think as we look at actual business activity and how we're doing, we'd focus you back within the segments and as we talked about within the Consumer business where average loans were up a little bit linked quarter on a card basis where we saw very strong continued growth within the home equity space, go back to the Wealth Management area where loans reached a record level and then I think we've already addressed the work that we need to do on the commercial front.

Answer_39:

    Sure. I think I would look at, as you go forward given that we're not buying whole loans from third parties, that you're probably looking at a high single digit continued reduction for the next couple quarters with respect to whole loans that we hold for others. The second thing I'd say that you have is you've got roughly $3 billion a quarter in home equity payoffs, a portion of which will be mitigated by new originations, but you are looking at roughly $3 billion there. And then you have some other less than $1 billion type items, but I think it's fair to say that, as you go forward, outside of what we think is core, you're probably looking at in the Consumer businesses in the ZIP Code of $10 billion to $12 billion that will go away. We will either have the ability to reinvest and make new loans or otherwise reinvest.

Answer_40:

    Correct.

Answer_41:

    I'm sorry, when you referenced margin, margin in what area?

Answer_42:

    Yes, if you look at it and you go through the different areas, you tend to have 40% type payouts with respect to the revenue piece. So when you look at the margin improvement of a couple hundred basis points, I would put it more in the context of just good core expense management. I do think there was a little bit less litigation within the quarter that benefited us, but it tends to be just across the board, whether it be a little bit lower support cost, a little bit lower licensing fee number, a little bit less litigation. There was no one number that was particularly dominant in driving the margin.

Answer_43:

    And last quarter, we had some startup costs for the Merrill One product that you can see has had strong success in terms of AUM. So that was sort of in the second-quarter technology expense and stuff to roll that out, but it comes back off [too].

Answer_44:

    Yes, exactly. If we remember last quarter when we talked about it, they had a decline. It was because some of the stuff was going in and this quarter, you saw it revert back to more where they had pretty consistently been over the last many quarters.

Answer_45:

    I think it was a little -- it was all in that much, but whether it was all in that one quarter or not, I don't remember.

Answer_46:

    Yes.

Answer_47:

    Sure. The first thing, I just want to clear up that there's, in the quarter, the only comment with respect to the quarter that we're referencing is just some caution on the buy ticket given where interest rates are at this point during the quarter. I think if you go back and you look at over the last couple quarters, it's been a very consistent message in that we've said we're going to direct more of the buy ticket to shorter-dated treasuries and you can see that there's been a buildup of those treasuries over the course of the last three to four quarters. So this quarter was a continuation of that and we were just calling out a note of caution given the rate environment.
I think as it relates to overall OCI sensitivity, if you look at what we've typically said is, in a 100 basis point parallel move up in rates, how long does it take back or take to earn back that OCI. Said consistently, it has been around three years. It peaked at about 3.5 years and at the end of September, it would have been less than three years. So we have on a consistent trend line continued to look to move down the overall OCI risk as it presents itself to capital.

Answer_48:

    No, that's the period of time that it takes to earn it back. You're looking at the overall -- I think the overall duration it is going to be in the five plus years.

Answer_49:

    I'd refer you to page 21 in the appendix in the lower left-hand corner and you can see this is the third quarter of 2012, 2013 and 2014 laid out side-by-side. And so I don't think this is a change in position if you look at it. The average trading-related assets of 460 to 440, the VAR is $55 million and $56 million, $50 million and you can see the revenues. What Tom and the team have done a good job is building a relatively stable -- this business is going to fluctuate in the market, but a relatively stable core amount of activity comes through this. And if you look at it over several quarters with the exception of seasonality in the first quarter that typically occurs each year, but we laid this out for you. The second quarter of 2012, 2013, 2014 last quarter, the third quarter, you see it's a relatively consistent $3 billion revenue type of number and we've maintained that.
So the adjustments we've made in the business on expenses, the scope of activities and stuff we actually made in 2010 and 2011 to bring the business in line, so we're very comfortable with where they are now. They are always moving around and paring risk and continuing to manage carefully the overall returns of the business. It's relative size to our Company. We think we've gotten a good place; we've simplified it. And so there's no change in strategy here and in fact, you can see there's a fairly consistent result from that activity. What's different this quarter versus last quarter obviously without the UK tax thing, you're seeing the bottom line come through to the third quarter, but we made $700 million odd after-tax and that's good performance.

Answer_50:

    I think if you look at the servicing revenue, as I said, the biggest reason for the decline was the adjustment in the cost to serve. If you saw the actual servicing fee line that came through linked quarter, it was only down about $25 million on a linked-quarter basis. So what you're going to see on a go-forward basis is not so much the impact on the sale of MSRs, but just the servicing revenue that's derived based on the size of the MSR asset. So given that there aren't any more large-scale sales of that MSR, you're going to see that more vary on a core basis as opposed to a step function.

Answer_51:

    And the big advantage you'll see is that the number of 60 plus delinquents continues to normalize now and we have to continue to push that. That's where we think that we get the additional expense leverage in LAS going forward. And so it's $100 million this quarter and a couple hundred million dollars quarter four. It's just grinding through and working those loans for the customers and modifying or short-selling and going through foreclosure. So that number is still elevated as a percentage. You can see it. And if you look at our delinquency off of the things we produce really since after the crisis, the numbers are much smaller and imply a delinquency level ultimately of half that amount that you see now. So that's where the real work will come in unit reduction. The overall 3.9 million units was fluctuating around a little bit, but we're kind of getting to equilibrium where our production is nearly what runs off absent sales in the 60 plus bucket.

Answer_52:

    I think the first thing that we're focused on is getting it down to $1.1 billion and then longer term I think if you look at any metric with where we would see from a number of loans serviced, as well as the number of delinquent loans in the portfolio, we still have some significant work to do to drive that $1.1 billion down because given the size of the portfolio, it's way too high.

Answer_53:

    Yes, there were some servicing transfers during the quarter. My recollection is it was between 20,000 and 25,000 units that were actually transferred during the quarter. So it was a very good quarter for us as far as MSR sales and driving that number down. But I think you're right that, on a go-forward basis, it's not going to be at that level. Although we do think we will make some significant progress between now and the end of 2015.

Answer_54:

    There are obviously a lot of factors that can go into that that are going to have it [bump] around, but I don't think -- if you believe that with what we're seeing from the quality of the portfolio and you believe the foreclosure process continues along the same trend, you're probably looking at plus/minus 20,000 units a quarter on an organic basis, on a net basis.

Answer_55:

    Well, some of that stuff that people experience are pieces that we have already taken care of in prior quarters and some of it relates to completely different -- as it relates to mortgage matters, some relates to other matters. We will always have litigation expense in this Company, but in terms of the mortgage, we've talked to you in many quarters, but if you think just the last three quarters, three major pieces fell behind it and we're still waiting for the ultimate approval of the Gibbs & Bruns settlement. 95% of the RMBS by principal amount, we had settlements and settlements at this point are awaiting final approval. So a lot of the pieces we had settled up, FHA and things like that, along the way. So we've got -- in the monolines, four out of the five are settled, so we've been picking away at them. So without knowing all the ins and outs of the other competitors, from our standpoint, a lot of the smaller stuff was getting done as a lot of you focused on the larger things. A lot of the smaller stuff was coming in and out every quarter underneath that and we should see less of that going forward.

Answer_56:

    I think as a broad construct and I think you're asking more the strategic level, Christian Meissner and the team with Tom have done a good job of adding people in the markets where we needed to build our capabilities and while we're always looking to add more and more talent and more and more capabilities, I don't think there is any huge change in expenses or numbers. It's more of continuously upgrading our talent and adding incremental talent. But in the grand scheme of things, it's a pretty small expense base in the context of our Company with the level of expenses.
But you're point is exactly right. The global -- the US competitive franchise is obviously demonstrably stronger as you can see in the US rankings versus the global. The global has picked up honestly and as activity picked up in Europe and in Asia, we continue to drive forward. But we still are working hard to improve our positioning and across the board, but we've made a lot of the investments already.

Answer_57:

    It has. It's affected it in two ways. So when you look at the declines that we saw within the loans outside of the US, a chunk of that decline was a decline in trade finance, but I think what's also notable is that trade finance tends to have the lowest spreads. So when you look at the yields within the international loan portfolio, they're up and that's because you've got more corporate type loans that have higher spreads than trade finance, which tends to have lower spreads.

Answer_58:

    Well, a couple things. I go back to the first comment, which is that you have to break out a little bit what's going to happen for our Company over the next five quarters between the growth in tangible common equity versus the growth in regulatory capital that flows into the capital ratio because, as I said before, over the next five quarters, we will accrete capital on a pre-tax basis absent any other changes. That's the first thing I'd keep in mind.
The second thing is that as we look out, we do believe at this point that CCAR is the governor and we're obviously getting ready to go into the 2015 CCAR process and without instructions or assumptions or scenarios, I think it's premature to look at that.
The third thing is, as you look at return targets, and Mike touched on this a little bit in his earlier question, I think the thing that, as we look to getting to those 12%, 14% type targets, the thing I would encourage you to do because I do think that you start to get a bridge to that is if you take the earnings that we announced today and normalize them for the things that I touched on in my comments, you tend to be starting at a point that's in the 10% plus type return during the quarter from a tangible common equity perspective. And you've got really four things that are going to change that on a go-forward basis -- the continued reduction within our LAS expenses. We would expect obviously longer-term litigation expenses to go down. You have the benefit of rates and then you've got what we do within the core businesses.
So those are the four things that we're focused on and the last point I would say as it relates to just CCAR, we feel like getting ready for CCAR during this quarter and quite frankly throughout the year that we've made a lot of work between moving out of the Company those assets that tend to have high loss content in stress. We've augmented our CET1 ratios as we've gone forward and we think we've taken a lot of tail risk out.
So long-winded way of saying you can look at the bridge to more normalized returns. When you adjust what we saw this quarter, we feel very good about the progress that we've made as we prepare for CCAR. We'll look to see what the instructions are and we'll have to see if our assumption about that being the governor given the evolving regulatory landscape continues to be the case or if we need to update that assessment.

Answer_59:

    So we do not have an exact number to disclose at this point. What I would say is we have worked through and we've done the work to get to where we need to be from an LCR perspective, that at this point there's not anything that gives us any concern that we're going to have to change in any material way what we're doing to satisfy NSFR.

Answer_60:

    I've got an exact number for you. Bear with me one second. You should see during next year a preferred number of 1262.

Answer_61:

    Thank you, everyone. Look forward to seeing you next quarter.

