Question_1:

    Hi, thanks. I appreciate all the detail on the net interest income discussion. One piece of it on the repo borrowings part of it, financing -- the equity financing side. I'm curious if you think of that as a little episodic and you just go with the flow. Or is it more a permanent part of the strategy where you are using your strong balance sheet to help grow? The tag along to that is if it is more permanent why do it through repo? Is that more expensive?

Question_2:

    Got it. I appreciate that. And the tagalong for net interest income guidance is, as you mentioned, very low deposit beta on the consumer side, just 2 basis points up in the quarter. Is there a point in time where you expect that to accelerate over the next couple hikes? I know we all kind of ask the same thing each quarter, but it's amazingly low.

Question_3:

    Great, thanks both. I appreciate it.

Question_4:

    Hi, good morning, guys. Just to follow up on the NII, Paul, it sounds like when you net a few positives and negatives in terms of your NII outlook for next quarter you are expecting a modest increase in the third quarter as of now. Could you put any size parameters on that?

Question_5:

    No, that's fine. Maybe you could just remind us how much the Fed hike itself -- what your estimate of how much that helps the June hike. And then also just how much the lower 10-year hurt in the second quarter? How should we think about the 10-year impact going forward? So the short and the long end impacts would be helpful. Thanks.

Question_6:

    Okay. And then just on expenses could you help us think through the expense trajectory for the back half of the year? And more importantly, your current thoughts on the target for the $53 billion next year. And how some of the -- maybe the tech consolidation you did this quarter, how does that impact either the timing or just confidence level on delivering expense saves?

Question_7:

    Okay thanks, guys.

Question_8:

    Great, thanks. Good morning. Maybe getting back to the deposit question. You guys are growing 9% in the consumer book better than the industry, despite holding low obviously reflecting your mix. How far do you think -- A, I guess can you give your sense of what you think is driving that market share? And is this something where you are willing to test the patience of your customers to lag deposit rates until growth slows more materially? How do we think about what your decision-making process is in terms of rates in the consumer book?

Question_9:

    All right, well, thanks for that. Maybe, Brian, a follow-up on regulation. Obviously the treasury report seemed pretty favorable for the industry. You are not really leverage constrained. Is there any aspect of the recommendations that you would find most helpful to your business?

Question_10:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_11:

    Thanks, good morning. If I can ask questions on the card business, first of all I noticed that the card losses were up first to second. They are typically down. I am just wondering if you can help us understand just where we are in the seasoning of the portfolio, also noting that the risk-adjusted margin continues to slip as well. So what do you think about card losses going forward and when do we see that bottoming of the card margin? Thanks.

Question_12:

    Just on the risk-adjusted -- the card risk-adjusted margin.

Question_13:

    Understood. And if I can just ask one big picture one, all the points you made earlier, all the credit metrics are going the right way otherwise, NPAs, inflows, etc. Coming back into this point about where card is going and then just not seeing anything else, you guys have been at 40 basis points of losses. Any reason to see that changing really? And then do you still have some room for release as well given that?

Question_14:

    Understood. Thanks a lot.

Question_15:

    Hi, good morning. Brian, two questions. One on the consumer banking efficiency ratio. You mentioned that there still is room for that to fall from the 52%, which is obviously very efficient as it stands right now today. And you indicated all various opportunities to drive incremental revenues at a much improved expense ratio with all the digital that you outlined earlier.
But could you speak to how the branch network could also impact those numbers? I mean, your branch has been coming down about 3% the last couple of years. Is that the kind of pace that you think you are going to continue? Or does the digital improvements enable you to move even faster there?

Question_16:

    Okay, thanks for that. And then separately, you've spoken before about the op risk RWA burden that you guys have. We had some questions come in on how you are thinking improvements there could help you given that it's not directly in the CCAR stress test. But maybe you could give us a sense as to how you think any changes could help you given that it's not a constraining factor.

Question_17:

    And then just lastly, you had a nice increase in the dividend. Could you just speak to how you are thinking about dividend payout ratios? Do you feel like you are where you should be given the business model? Or is there more room and if there is more room what the drivers are to affect that change?

Question_18:

    Thank you.

Question_19:

    Thank you, good morning, guys. In looking at your ROE, your returns on allocated capital in the Consumer and the Wealth Management businesses are very strong, well over 20%. Global Bank is 18%, Global Markets about 10%. Can you share with us how you are going to get the 8% ROE up let's say above your cost of capital let's say 10%? Is it going to be more coming from the Global Markets area or management of the capital or somewhere else?

Question_20:

    Very good. And then coming back to the mobile users, I think you guys pointed out you had just shy of 23 million mobile users. What percentage of your customer base are mobile users? And where do you see that number going to in the next two to three years?

Question_21:

    Brian, you mentioned Gazelle. Any early read on what you are seeing there and when do you expect to have a broad launch of that product if you haven't done it already?

Question_22:

    Very good. Thank you.

Question_23:

    Good morning, just a couple of quick follow-ups. Did you guys disclose the debt hedge ineffectiveness drag that was in net interest income this quarter?

Question_24:

    Okay, does that show up in the 10-Q or -- I can't remember where we got that from.

Question_25:

    Okay, and then just separately the expenses related to the UK card business that go away, how much is that?

Question_26:

    Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.

Question_27:

    Hi, good morning. So Brian, I appreciate the helpful commentary you've given on capital ratios and the continued effort to optimize your RWAs. And just given the significant capital cushion that you are operating with today, I'm just wondering how you are thinking about the payout trajectory over the next couple of years.
And maybe just to help us frame it from an ROE perspective, because you did note that your excess capital continues to be a drag on returns, what do you believe is a reasonable spot capital target for you to manage to through the cycle?

Question_28:

    Got it. And then just on some of the expense initiatives, Brian, that you outlined. I'm getting quite a few questions on how we should think about it from a timing perspective. I know that you have the $53 billion expense target that's out there, but just given some of the efficiency opportunities that you identified, should we expect that progress to continue beyond 2018?

Question_29:

    Thanks, Brian. And just one more quick one for me just on the DoL fiduciary rule. You had outlined your strategy previously for stopping or no longer engaging in retirement brokerage activities. But just given the potential for that rule to be repealed, I'm wondering if your thinking has evolved around that?

Question_30:

    Thanks for taking my questions.

Question_31:

    Hi, good morning. First wanted to follow-up on the net interest income. The 100 basis point -- the benefit of $3.2 billion you get from a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve, you mentioned it's primarily sensitive to the short end. I think last quarter you gave sort of a 75/25 split between short and long and is that still a good rule of thumb to use?

Question_32:

    Okay, so a little bit more skewed to the long end than the disclosure in 1Q?

Question_33:

    Okay, got it. Moving on -- just to discuss capital deployment strategies a little bit. You've talked about your excess capital position, obviously you upped your returns in the CCAR cycle and you will keep going forward with that.
But is it too early to talk about acquisitions as part of the capital strategy? And how would you think about M&A in terms of opportunities whether from a product strategy, geographic segmentation standpoint? How do you think about M&A in the context of your capital strategy?

Question_34:

    Okay, all right, fair enough. Thanks a lot.

Question_35:

    Thanks, I've got three bigger picture kind of questions. First, Brian, you've turned the corner on the customer growth and business growth. That was one of my main concerns after so many years of having to deal with the overhang issues to be able to re-energize and get that -- business segments growing again. What are the couple of things that you could say have helped go through that inflection point as quick as you've been able to do that?

Question_36:

    Paul, one of the -- sort of the second question to look at, we've talked about the core, core, core and that the Company has taken actions to try to drive that. But really we've had an historical shift in the liquidity premium coming out of the financial crisis and just having rates at zero.
So hasn't a lot of this shift been related to just the environment more than really Company actions? And what we are seeing has been the derisking. Now that GWIM deposits are starting to move out, is that the first sign of the rerisking or are the customers willing to take a little bit more risk and drop that liquidity premium? So I'm kind of watching for that first sign of the customer behavior beginning to change.

Question_37:

    It just seemed like there's a little bit of a change sitting there. You will see it ripple into some of the other business maybe later. But a third question was with what's going on in the mortgage business, you are retaining 90% of loans. In the past, I don't know the number, but I bet you were securitizing before the financial crisis probably 90% of the loans.
How do you look at that business different? That is such a paradigm shift that you really are now a portfolio lender much more than you are a securitization. Are there any other dynamics that we should look at separately?

Question_38:

    And it's not just you all, I mean it has been across the industry where you are seeing much more in retention than you are seeing in securitization. So I just didn't know if there was any operational or other issues that gives you more flexibility on pricing or product development. It's a very different market than what it used to be when we were in it before.

Question_39:

    Great, thanks. I just had a question first on the lending environment overall. Could you give an update of the pipelines? And I know last quarter you said middle market revolver, you were at record levels there. Were you able to increase utilization rates there? Just give a sense of where your clients are if optimism is waning?

Question_40:

    Okay great. And then just a question on wealth and investment management. You did see the financial advisors increase 2 percentage points quarter on quarter. Is that a trend now that you think you can -- or back into a hiring phase where you can actually grow the number of financial advisors? Because productivity also increased as well. So there was no drag from hiring those advisors.

Question_41:

    Okay great. Thanks for taking my questions.

