Question_1:

    I was just wondering if you could give us a sense on the investments that are planned in Q3. Previously, you've been willing to provide sort of some qualitative guidance around how you're rank ordering those in terms of the ones that are -- the largest areas of investment in the quarter. Just wondering if you could update us on that just given the guidance for Q3 and what we saw in investment in Q2.

Question_2:

    A question on the grocery category and the announcement that we have -- that we heard recently. Specifically, does that imply that the strategy has changed around Fresh, which was presumably replacing the trip to the grocery store? Or should we think about adding different modes, such as pickup points and bricks-and-mortar, as serving a distinct customer base or geared to reduce the cost bottleneck around home delivery? Any comments would be helpful.

Question_3:

    A couple of questions. It definitely seems relative to your guidance, you may have stepped up spending in the second quarter. Anything in particular to call out, India or anything like that? And then just thinking bigger picture, I'm wondering why physical locations might make sense for Amazon. Why is that a positive use of capital going forward?

Question_4:

    Question on the comments around the fulfillment investments. Could you characterize or maybe even quantify how much of the fulfillment infrastructure investment that you're making is going to incrementally gear towards handling growth in sort of the existing business and infrastructure versus expanding your capabilities in fulfillment, like adding more inbound or last mile and/or from entering new international markets where you need to invest ahead of growth versus just sort of keeping up and maintaining growth within sort of your existing footprint? And then AWS, you had some price adjustments in May, yet the Q2 growth was quite good. Can you just comment about the impact that those cuts may have had in Q2? And if you're modeling those also in your Q3 guidance, maybe the impact there.

Question_5:

    I just wanted to follow up on AWS and just on the back of the price cut, obviously 1Q being the first full quarter, but it looks like 2Q, as Mark said, things did stabilize some. Can you just talk about whether you're seeing more of a volume pickup response here and companies kind of more actively moving volume into the cloud at these lower prices? And then just secondly on Prime, the value of the Prime subscription for the consumer seems to continue to increase as you add more features in there. Can you just talk about your view around the flexibility of the price of an annual Prime subscription?

Question_6:

    I want to stick with AWS, please. So the AWS revenue growth showed almost no change, but the AWS operating margin was lower, I guess, than we've seen in, I don't know, 6 quarters or something like that. I find that a little surprising, but then I also saw that the tech and content came in materially heavy, I think, versus our and, I assume, other expectations. So could you just talk about that a little bit, the profitability, if there's anything that's changed in the profitability of AWS?

Question_7:

    I have 2. The first one, as you continue to add more Prime Now markets with 1- to 2-hour shipping, can you just talk to some of the logistical challenges you've already encountered and worked through? And talk to kind of -- if you really do see 1- to 2-hour shipping become a larger piece of the business over the next year, what's the biggest challenge to make sure that you manage? And the second one on the subscription revenue. Looks like subscription revenue growth was strong again, over 50%. Can you just talk to what drove that acceleration? Was it Prime, or was there something else in there?

Question_8:

    Brian, I think I heard you earlier say that your headcount for advertising salespeople is growing faster than the company as a whole -- or company's headcount growth rate as a whole. I'd just like to use that maybe as a springboard to talk a little bit about what you think the right mix is for how you sell in terms of the self-service versus salespeople. And then a second one would just be a quick one. I know it's early, but I'd be curious to see what you're seeing with users of the Echo Show with the screen on it and if you're seeing any particularly different type of user behavior there versus the original devices without one.

Question_9:

    Maybe 2. One, with respect to international margins, is there anything there you can give us in terms of rank order or color, whether it'd be geographies or category expansion that we should be thinking about that are driving some of the cost curve in the international side of the business? That would be number one. Number two, stock-based comp stepped up a lot both quarter-over-quarter and year-on-year. Wanted to know if there was anything either organic or inorganic that was driving that step up in stock-based compensation.

Question_10:

    You mentioned before as you stand up new fulfillment centers, it takes a bit of time for them to ramp up optimization. How should we think about that path optimization over a year or so as you continue to scale operations and you bring data to bear in robotics, in Kivas and AI machine learning? Are you finding that kind of new fulfillment center optimization curve is accelerating?

Question_11:

    Just one. Other slowed from 58% in the first quarter to 53% year-over-year. Anything to call out? And then you made a comment about the physical stores in reaction to one of the other questions that was really about showcasing new devices. Is it fair to say that probably means locations would have small footprints versus the large footprints if you were thinking about that?

Question_12:

    Other revenue slowed from 58% in the first quarter to 53%. Is there anything to call out around that?

