Answer_1:

    Well, Matt, as we looked at it, this is our current plan, so there's no new news for us in terms of how we operate the Company. But what we saw is that people were not getting the expenses right in the out years thinking that we could not continue the rate of investment and continue to bring down expenses.
Secondly, to make sure people understood it in terms of blending in LAS and putting it into the base, it's now become less of the contribution; now it's more the general expense base we're working on.
So, I think it was consistent with the way we were running the Company, but we wanted to make sure people had clarity over the next six quarters and going into 2018 of where we think the expense base goes versus what we saw in some of your guy's estimates and stuff.

Answer_2:

    Yes, it includes an estimate based on current views of both. That's all in expenses for the year. Now they come in different quarters.
You just pointed out we have a frontloaded of that, but -- so this quarter did not include that -- think about it as $0.25 billion, plus [a quarter] when you think about the $13.5 billion this quarter. But overall, it includes the estimate for that out there plus the litigation estimate.

Answer_3:

    Look, we've worked, I think, extraordinarily hard to transform the Company, its balance sheet, its ability to produce earnings. We've got a customer and risk framework on the Consumer side that is focused on prime and super prime. That strategy, I think, works for our shareholders and our customers and we're sticking to it.

Answer_4:

    And just to give you a simple view of that, Matt, this quarter we did the highest number of new credit card originations we've done for a long time and all of them are consistent with that risk appetite. So there's plenty of market share to gain there by just concentrating on current customers and deepening.
And while people always ask the question you asked, the answer is there still about 7 out of 10 mortgage customers at Bank of America get their mortgage somewhere else that fit within our credit customers.
There is plenty of cardholders that fit our credit parameters that are out there that don't have our card or aren't using our card as their primary card. And so, just giving those couple of examples, there's plenty of market share to get there so we don't need to change the standards to grow, and you've seen that come through.

Answer_5:

    Sure, look, as I said in my comments, if rates follow the current path of the forward curve, we would expect, with the extra day and the decline in long-term rates, to be at around the $10.4 billion range in the next quarter.
So -- but as you get out to 4Q and next year, I think we get more optimistic about being able to grow. Given just our current pace of deposit and loan growth, we're obviously experiencing good deposit growth.
We've got, as we talked about, a strong risk and client framework, so we'd like to put all of that deposit growth into loan growth, but we're going to only do so if it meets our criteria. Whatever deposit growth doesn't get absorbed by good loans with our clients obviously goes into the investment portfolio and we get a return there.
So, I think -- look, it's just a question of the further you get out the more that wave of deposits and asset growth kind of overwhelms the change in interest rates and we see growth.

Answer_6:

    Also, if you look at page 6, you'll see -- you can see that the point you made is that the inflection point was hit a few quarters ago where the noncore loans and leases were running down and not being made up by growth.
We passed that and so as we think about it going forward in the upper right-hand part of page 6 you can see that other loan leases balance is coming down. They'll continue to come down, but there's just less of them.
And then if you look at the lower left you see the core loans are growing at a good rate -- have been growing at a good rate, now can come through.
So I think your point about what gives us encouragement because you saw last year's second quarter, this year's second quarter, about how even in a lower for longer rate environment we can grow NII is that you actually are growing the net loan book pretty consistently now each quarter.

Answer_7:

    I think we'd say that you've got to be careful about your rate scenario even on a spot basis because it can move around and move that around. But if you think about it as second quarter next year you'd start to see this breakthrough again based on absolutely no change in rates from the low point they were.

Answer_8:

    Okay. Well, let's start with card. I think card actually is up on a linked quarter basis, down year-over-year, but you have to remember, again, we had portfolio divestitures. So I think we're at the point now where we're not going to be seeing those sorts of divestitures in the future and we start feeling better about more consistent growth around card.
If you look at brokerage income, we've been in a multi-quarter trend of people shifting from brokerage to more managed accounts. That trend has obviously put pressure on the revenue line because at the same time that was going on we had a lot of volatility in the marketplace, lower overall capital markets, lower overall activity.
But I think over time as -- if capital markets continue to rise, we will get -- we will offset the decline in transactional revenue.

Answer_9:

    So on the first question; we haven't seen any change in attrition after retention. And most of the retention -- most of the attrition of experienced financial advisors have been more due to our change in the way we do the international business which has been going on for about a year. But in terms of aggregate numbers, it's been relatively stable.
In terms of -- and the attrition we see is actually in the lower production levels, mainly due to people not being able to build a book of business and we're trying to fix that through the integrated business system with our consumer and preferred teams.
In terms of department -- DoJ and the fiduciary standard, we're busily implementing this. It's consistent with where we're going with the business. It's consistent with the move from an old view of what Financial Advisory was versus a managed money fee-based loaded with a financial planning driven business.
Admittedly, it's a little tricky because the actual rules only apply to the $200 billion-odd of 401 in retirement assets we have, but it's consistent with where we've taken the business and the teams [drawing] it. We don't see meaningful revenue or changes due to that. We will see meaningful changes to implement it, but not meaningful revenue changes.

Answer_10:

    Well, we've got -- yes, it's a safe assumption. It's not a silly question, but you've got six quarters between now and then and you can see what we are running at it now to get it down to that level. We'll take work every quarter.

Answer_11:

    Sure. So let me just back up a little bit -- I will definitely answer your question, but I want to emphasize again we're talking about LTM $56 billion going to $53 billion and absorbing in that merit, healthcare, inflation and other investment.
And the first thing I would point out as you think about the credibility of that -- look at what we accomplished over the last five years. From Q2 2011 to Q2 2016, we reduced quarterly expenses by $4.8 billion; that's a $19 billion annualized run rate.
And we did this by not only reducing legacy mortgage-related expenses, which were only -- make up about $2 billion of that $4.8 billion, but just through good expense management in every major category across the Company.
So, from here it's about -- a number of things -- a lot of those things are been identified through our Simplify & Improve initiative. We're investing in technology and capabilities to improve efficiency. The most obvious example of that you can see is in the increasing adoption of customers for digital channels.
But I do want to emphasize that it is about making progress across the entire Company, from our leaders and our teams. So if you look in Consumer, there are examples -- the digital adoption, we've got mobile users up 15% to over . When they make a deposit that's 1/10 the cost.
We've got digital sales up 12% year-over-year. We've got more customers using digital statements, a lot more work to do there as we transition from paper to electronic. We are optimizing the coverage model in both consumer and GUM and they all have goals. We all have goals and initiatives around controllable expenses, including travel, supplies, support costs.
If you look at Global Banking and Global Markets, we're simplifying our legal entities structure and business model. We're integrating wholesale credit origination and processing across the lines of businesses. We're centralizing data platforms. We're expanding electronic capabilities and we're optimizing the coverage model. So there's a lot going on and we're going to need all of it to get to our goals.

Answer_12:

    I think -- yes, Paul gave you a lot of different places it comes from, but I think you've got to back up and say it comes from reducing the expense base and -- by people -- and you can see that even in markets year-over-year we're down 7% and people where revenue went up.
So, it's electronification to the fixed income platform and the equities platform continuing down that road. So every single area is moving here.
And then you also have to think about the stability of the platform. This Company has now been operating with a consistent strategy and a consistent ability to execute for many years. And what's gone with the legacy and stuff, that just allows us to keep operating on ourselves.
And we always have performed best in history when we had that period of time, no acquisitions, no divestitures, no legacy asset servicing. So we're very confident that it will happen.
On revenue, I'd say look at it year-over-year, look at it linked quarter. So last three or four quarters you've seen revenue stable and -- well, it bounces around with market activity in a given quarter. The core revenue continues to go forward and the expenses keep coming down on a core basis.
So we're comfortable that there is nothing -- we won't allow our people under our responsible growth to give us cost saves and not grow the business. So it has to be sustainable. It has to be actually taking out real work and yet still investing in more client facing teammates, more salespeople and more technology capabilities for customers.

Answer_13:

    It's for the full year.

Answer_14:

    I would say we haven't experienced that. We can check and get back to you. I would just make a couple more comments about auto. We are maintaining our share but we are very focused on the prime and super prime.
And as we pointed out last quarter, we are booking these loans at FICO scores of around 774 and we've got debt to income at all time lows. And importantly, we are not, from restructuring standpoint, extending tender the way we see in the marketplace.

Answer_15:

    Well, Mike, the -- if you look at the risk-adjusted revenue, you would come to a different conclusion. So yes, we had a lot of revenue in 2011 or 2012, but the charge-offs were running tens of billions dollars more a year than we have now. So, a lot of that revenue is just going off the backend.
So, if you look at it from a risk-adjusted base, I think we grew from the low 60[%]s to the low 80[%]s over the last five or six years. So that is actually the work that gets done.
So we could -- going back to point, we focus on very high credit quality, so we keep that credit cost moving in the right direction or stable when the world has gone a different way.
We don't have a target efficiency ratio. You can calculate one of that out in 2018, because, as we talked about earlier, the NII differences will be driven by where rates go to some degree.
But the idea is we are going to take expenses from $56 billion in the last four quarters to $53 billion. We think that's where we'll get them to. And if rates stay stable or go up a little bit, you'll see a lower efficiency ratio. Right now we're running about 62% this quarter, fairly stated, and we think we can push it down from there.

Answer_16:

    Mike, you're missing the FAS 123 in Social Security which is $1.2 billion in the first quarter that doesn't occur this quarter, but will -- you've got to add that back, too.

Answer_17:

    It's been people -- we're down 2,600 people quarter over quarter; it's a constant reduction in personnel through hard work and automation, while we're continuing to increase the investment in salespeople. And so that helps on the revenue side and the revenue equation versus expense.
It's things like our data center configuration. We've been in a program, take about $1 billion, $1.5 billion out of all the data work, all the data centers and configuration that we're partway through.
And in part, just -- like Paul said, every line item is just grinding that -- as we continue to bring down people, we have less occupancy, less telecommunications and everything else, so it really comes across-the-board.

Answer_18:

    We have consistently paid as we've gone, as you well know, and even in every quarter we have between $50 million and $100 million of severance expense that we don't even talk about.

Answer_19:

    Yes, I think purchase volumes are up 7% if you normalize for the divestitures.

Answer_20:

    I think we've had divestitures in 2Q last year and in the fourth quarter.

Answer_21:

    Vivek, let me just -- let me make it simple for you. The year to date through July is up -- taking divestitures up about 4% on debit and credit both and up 7% in credit card purchases, normalized for divestitures year-to-year -- the first six months plus this part of July, so it's growing fine.

Answer_22:

    Be careful because those 10,000 people work on the 88,000 loans plus the 3 million good loans. They service both good and not good loans, to make it simple. And so, that's one of the reasons why we're separating.
And in All Other going forward is loans that we are actually only -- loans we'd never do again and that we're running off 600,000, 700,000 units. Moved into the segments whether it's Consumer, US Trust or Merrill Lynch are the loans that relate to their businesses in terms of servicing costs, too.
So, that was one of the confusions, as this thing got down you got to the point where the good servicing costs are becoming a more meaningful part of the total. And they'll continue on because that portfolio, whether it's direct servicing costs for third parties or even the stuff on our balance sheet, will continue.
But to give you a sense, from first quarter to second quarter, when we were down -- the total headcount of about 2,600, about 900 and change came from LAS, from the servicing side. So it still contributes but it's contribution is going down each quarter because the amount left to service the good stuff and just generally service our portfolio will be a higher percentage of what's left.

Answer_23:

    Yes, so this quarter we ran about $600 million and we said we would get -- a long time ago we said it would get to $500 million by the fourth quarter this year, so we're almost there, and the idea is that that will be completed.

Answer_24:

    Both.

Answer_25:

    I'll start with legal. From a legal perspective, if you look over the last four, five, six, seven quarters we've been running around $300 million per quarter. We did $270 million this quarter. That I feel like is a reasonable range if you're building a model for the near-term.
In terms of the capital markets businesses, not quite sure I get your question. Obviously, they are -- that line is tied to the performance of the business.
The total performance of the business, returns, earnings and revenue and we have programs in place that we think are competitive with what's on Wall Street, so that we can attract the best of talent and retain the best of talent.
We're constantly benchmarking against those programs and we feel like we're where we should be for the quality and the market presence we have in those areas.

Answer_26:

    So you should think of the environment we're talking about as an environment consistent where we are now from growth of 1.5%, 2% of US GDP and stuff. So it doesn't contemplate any change to the current environment from just a general operating principle.

Answer_27:

    And again, remember what I think Brian said and what I emphasized again, that $53 billion is absorbing increases in merit, absorbing increases in healthcare, investment that are just -- inflation that are just natural in the business.

Answer_28:

    Yes, based upon our current plan.

Answer_29:

    What's in our current plan. And in terms of legal, I hope it's going to be less than $300 million When we get out there. I'm not telling you to stick that in your model, but that's a good range to be thinking about.

Answer_30:

    Yes, it was $80 billion of AUM again. That was all short-term. It had a minimal impact on margins. Minimal.

Answer_31:

    Sure. Let me -- you're right. The MBI line was down year-over-year; that was planned for. We knew that was coming. I just want to walk -- so for everybody else -- I just want to walk through why it's down and then we can talk a little bit about going forward.
So four items. First, we sold an appraisal business last year, so there was revenue in last year's second quarter that isn't in this quarter. Second, we had some servicing sales in the second quarter of last year for a game that we didn't have this quarter. Third and probably most significant from a revenue perspective is that we had the Ace decision in the second quarter last year. So we released last year some reps and warranties and that was a significant amount of benefit last year.
And then fourth, and probably strategically most important and the point you're getting too, is we are selling less mortgages, choosing instead to hold them on our balance sheet. And, obviously, this decreases MBI but increases NII over time.
So -- plus you have to note that, as we just talked about, servicing -- bad servicing is going to continue to run off. So if servicing is running off and not being replaced as fast, if we're holding more mortgages on the balance sheet as we transition from MBI to NII, you could see that line continues to trend lower.
In terms of the mortgages, I think in the short-term it's going to be fairly stable and that trend is going to -- it's a good base this quarter. It was a good base to start from.
I think that trend lower is going to be in some quarters very slow because, as you point out, other line items are a little bit messy and bounce around there depending on what happens in interest rates, but that's the trend.
In terms of what we're trying to accomplish, all of the loans we originate that are nonconforming, we would like to keep on our balance sheet. And even the conforming loans that have a certain characteristic we're going to be holding on our balance sheet. So right now let's around 75%-ish of the loans we're originating are going on our balance sheet. Is that helpful?

Answer_32:

    Yes, absolutely. On that last part of your question is precisely what I think we've been talking about today in the Q&A and in the remarks. We've got interest rates -- we talked about interest rates following the forward curve. We talked about interest rates being flat.
And despite both of those circumstances we think in the out years we can grow NII, or in the out quarters we can grow NII because we're growing deposits and we're putting them to work where we can within our risk and client frameworks to grow well priced loans.
Any amount of deposits that doesn't go to our clients and customers we're sticking in the securities portfolio and getting as much yield as we can get there within the constraints of liquidity and capital risk and interest rate risk.
So, we think we can grow in even a flat interest rate environment, grow the NII line, not necessarily in the next quarter, but as we again move out into the future.
Brian has already pointed out all the work we're doing around expenses, so when you combine what we think we can do from a fee base, from an NII perspective and then lowering expenses, we think we can grow earnings in the Company even if interest rates are flat.

Answer_33:

    Again, Dick, you're right, we tend to talk in our disclosures about interest rates moving 100 basis points, 50 basis points as the -- and holding all else equal what's in our plans. We could just as easily do the opposite. We could hold interest rates flat and then you could see the effect of deposit and loan growth.
We certainly have that analysis. That's how we arrived at our perspective on the future. And I think if that's something that interests you, maybe after the call we can share with you some of that work; it's just math.

Answer_34:

    Yes, okay. That'd be great.

Answer_35:

    Thanks for noticing. So let me start with saying that we are very pleased with our results in CCAR this year and we believe they really do reflect all the hard work we've been putting into that process and improving capital planning.
Operational risk, we have a third of our advanced RWA roughly is operational risk and we would characterize most of that, or I might say all of it, as for businesses we're no longer in, products that we no longer sell and risks that I don't think we ever took as a basic Bank of America. So there's a lot of RWA sitting there and we have to work overtime to show the regulators that we can get that down.

Answer_36:

    No, I don't think so. Obviously, CCAR is on a standardized basis, so it doesn't incorporate operational risk.

Answer_37:

    Yes, you're right.

Answer_38:

    You're right. I think they improved their models. I don't know, but I think we're all looking at what they've done in trying to understand it. And I think they probably improved their models a little bit around op risk and there was a little bit less across all the banks.
I think the banks that have the most maybe benefited -- because it was more of an average type of thing. So maybe we get a little extra benefit in that, but I don't know, to tell you the truth. We don't know what's in their models.

Answer_39:

    Yes.

Answer_40:

    Thank you very much and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.

