Question_1:

    Thanks guys, I just had one question on shipping. It looks like the unit efficiency in shipping continues to improve. What are you guys doing to drive the cost of shipping each unit lower? Are there more costs that can be taken out on a per-unit basis?
And then, as you start looking at same-day delivery in some of these markets, including the new grocery program, what incremental costs do you see around doing same-day fulfillment? Thanks.

Question_2:

    Great, thanks for taking the question. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more just on the profitability of the grocery business and how you will know when it's the right time to expand to more markets beyond Seattle and L.A.
And then also, if you could comment on the European macro environment, just given the growth that you saw in the International business just decelerating a little bit from last quarter. Thanks.

Question_3:

    Hi good afternoon.  Could you help us understand the third-party unit growth? I think this is the first quarter in about three years that third-party unit penetration hasn't increased.
And then, additionally, I'm wondering if you could comment at all on potential to expand Prime membership options potentially to something like a super-Prime offering for expanded video content and fulfillment options.

Question_4:

    Great, thanks. Quick question on fulfillment centers -- any color on your current plan for the year in terms of locations, US versus International, timing, etc.? And then, separately, any comments on the weaker growth in International media?

Question_5:

    Thank you.

Question_6:

    Hi, thanks. I guess the International topic again, but it has been asked a few times. So maybe specifically in China, Tom, in terms of what the Company hypothesis is in terms of the way that market plays out over time and how you think about investment spend in that market.
And then secondly, as it relates to AWS, it's nice, the event, the annual event and the quarterly events that happened. I was wondering when you think it makes sense to start talking more about it in releases and on calls. Is it just the 10% revenue threshold or something else that would lead to more discussions like that on calls like this? Thanks.

Question_7:

    Great, thanks. Tom, just one question related to consumer packaged goods. Any comments there on whether you are seeing broader purchases by the Amazon customers of more traditional consumer staples than you've seen in the past, and is that something you are trying to promote? Thank you.

Question_8:

    Thanks for taking my question -- another one on International in the media segment there. I believe that you now have a more comprehensive localized international strategy for the Kindle. I wonder if you could talk about what, if any, impact that you think that that might have over the next few quarters in terms of its impact on the International media segment.
And also on international, the AWS, I think one of the contributors of growth and, we suspect, margins in the US has been the success at AWS here. I wonder if you could talk about any plans for AWS outside the US.

Question_9:

    Thank you. The Company and the business is going through a lot of transitions with digital media, AWS, obviously Prime and potentially same-day delivery. A long time ago, you used to give us a margin outlook for the Company. As you think about these businesses, do you think that they are better for Amazon in that you can have greater share of retail as these evolutions happen?
Also, what are the implications on Amazon's long-term margins as you go through these transitions over time? Any help on that could help. Thanks.

Question_10:

    Two quick questions on revenue recognition. Over the past some quarters, I believe that the -- certain digital media, at least, has moved around between the agency and wholesale model. Can you help us quantify how this has actually impacted the reported media revenue rates? In other words, would 2Q revenue rates have been meaningfully different if the model had been the same?
And then second question, just quickly -- on Prime, can you remind us how you recognize revenue from the Prime membership fee over the course of the year? Thanks.

Question_11:

    Thank you so much Sean, I'm curious about your expansion efforts in Spain, since it's a relatively new territory for you, how well situated you are and how ready you are for the fourth quarter there.
And, also, there have been a lot of stories about Amazon heading into Brazil, but I don't believe we have identified any fulfillment centers and things like that. Can you discuss the extent and breadth of your offering in Brazil; whether it's Kindle devices, digital media or something beyond that? Thank you.

Question_12:

    Great, thank you for taking my question. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about North America EGM. Just given the strength you saw in the business and continued re-acceleration, have you seen any sort of impact? I'm assuming no, but from price matching programs, from off-line retailers, and also on sales tax. Thank you.

Question_13:

    Great, thanks Tom. As you get closer to customers with more FCs and more efficient shipping, what kind of impact is that having on conversion rates within customers in those areas as shipping times shorten or delivery times shorten?
And then as you look at the early adopters for fresh in L.A., any sense that you can share with us of what kind of cross-shopping you are seeing among new fresh customers? Are they bundling media and EGM in those other orders, or to any degree are these new-to-Amazon customers that have been brought in purely because of fresh?

Question_14:

    Thank you. On the topic of media, just wondering, Tom, if there are any call-outs in terms of categories of strength or weakness within physical or digital media that you could call out. And along those lines, just wondering if you could comment on your media device rollout strategy from here, if there is anything you could tell us.
And then, quickly, is there any reason Prime Instant Video isn't available for Android devices? Thank you.

Question_15:

    Thank you very much. Two quick questions, please. Tech and content was up to 9% of revenues. I think that's the highest it has ever been. How much of that is actually streaming content-related? How do we look at it going forward? Does it stay at that elevated level?
And then on fresh, is that business profitable for you in the Seattle area? Thanks.

Question_16:

    Thanks very much. A quick follow-up on the device strategy. Given the fairly quick pace of innovation in the tablet market overall, I wonder if you can contrast the benefits of that for Amazon, given the popularity of shopping and media apps with the costs and complexity of maintaining your own line of hardware.
And related to this, it seems as if the pace of new content acquisition and licensing has picked up a bit. So I wonder if that reflects any changes in either the competitive dynamics or pricing or some sort of other strategy shift on your part. Thanks.

Question_17:

    Afternoon, just two questions -- one, given your comments that International will be in investment mode for some time, can you just remind us what the priorities are there from either a geography or product standpoint?
And then, secondly, following the management changes at Quidsi, we would love an update on the plans for that business and maybe just a sense for how integrated it is to Amazon retail. Thanks.

Question_18:

    Tom --

Question_19:

    Tom, is there anything you can share in terms of the situation in Germany with the workers' strike? Are you able to fulfill from unaffected fulfillment centers, or is it causing some hindrance to your operations there?
Also if you can update us on what you have been doing with Kiva since you have acquired it. Are you focusing more on internal integration, or are you selling more aggressively to external clients? Thanks.

Question_20:

    Hi, thank you. Just going back to your comments on unit acceleration, has the shift from agency to wholesale in terms of the DOJ e-book settlement -- has that completed, or are you still working your way through many of the US publishers? Thank you.

