
Hello, and welcome to our Q1 2017 financial results conference call. Joining us today to answer your questions is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO.
As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2016.
Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 27, 2017, only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
During this call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.
Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to date and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; changes in global economic conditions and customer spending; world event; the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce and cloud services; and the various factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. Our guidance also assumes, among other things, that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings or legal settlements. It's not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services, and therefore our actual results could differ materially from our guidance.
Before moving to Q&A, I would like to draw attention to a new accounting rule that we implemented in Q1. The new rule requires excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation to be presented as an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows. We retrospectively adjusted our consolidated statements of cash flows to reclassify excess tax benefits from financing activities to operating activities. And as a result, you will see an increase in our free cash flow measures for prior periods.
Additionally, beginning January 1, 2017, the excess tax benefit or deficiency for stock-based compensation is recognized as a component of tax expense rather than equity. This change resulted in a decrease to our tax expense for the quarter and a corresponding increase to our net income and earnings per share. Specific changes are presented in the footnotes to the consolidated statement of cash flows and related metrics provided in our press release. Further disclosure of the impact of the adoption of this accounting change can be found in our Form 10-Q.
With that, we'll move to Q&A. Operator, please remind our listeners how to initiate a question.