
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's first-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and David Ebersman, CFO. 
Before we get started I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements. And actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release and our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today. And we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. 
The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investors.FB.com. And, now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, Deborah. And thanks, everyone, for joining today. This was a busy quarter and a strong start to 2014. We continued to grow our community in size of engagement, with nearly 1.28 billion people now using Facebook each month, and almost 63% visiting daily. We also reached new milestones as a mobile company, with more than 1 billion monthly actives on mobile, and almost 55% of our daily actives only connecting on mobile. 
When you look at our business performance, we've also made some good progress. Our total revenue grew 72% year over year. Our advertising grew 82%, our strongest annual growth rate in nearly three years. And mobile accounted for 59% of our advertising revenue. These results show Facebook's business is strong and growing, and we are in a great position to continue making progress towards our mission. 
This quarter we made a number of big investments in our future. We reached agreements to acquire WhatsApp and Oculus. And we announced our new connectivity lab that's focused on developing technologies to expand Internet access around the world. These are important efforts that we believe will help us continue making progress towards our mission over the long term. 
But as this quarter shows, we are also staying focused on execution and carefully improving our core products and business. Execution gives us the strength to bet on the future. And our success over the long term depends on us serving our community today and delivering against our current strategy. 
So, with that in mind, I'd like to run through our progress this quarter towards our three big Company goals -- connecting everyone, understanding the world, and building the knowledge economy. Connecting everyone is about making Internet services available to everyone in the world, and allowing everyone to connect to the people and things that they care about. 
Our strategy for connecting everyone is based on two approaches. The first is about giving people new apps for sharing different kinds of content with different people. Today our apps are at different stages of maturity. 
Our core Facebook app has an audience of over 1 billion people and has become an essential sharing infrastructure for the world. We are currently focused on building a great business around this, and our continuing revenue growth on mobile this quarter shows our strong momentum here. 
For the next set of apps, like Messenger, Instagram and, hopefully soon, WhatsApp, the current priority is growth. Messenger and Instagram both reached 200 million monthly actives this quarter. We believe these apps have a lot of room to grow and will start to be important businesses in the future. But monetization isn't our near-term priority here. 
And for the new apps that we're building as part is our Creative Labs effort we are still in the very early stages of development. We're working hard to develop the technical foundation for these services so we can rapidly launch new products and then refine them based on the initial feedback from our community. 
For Creative Labs projects that demonstrate a lot of value, our next priority will be to grow them to reach 100 million people before we start developing them into significant businesses. We are pleased by the early reaction to Paper, our first app from Creative Labs. And we expect this to be a good test case for our strategy. 
The longer-term part of our strategy for connecting everyone is focused on internet.org, our effort to make affordable basic Internet services available to the entire world. We recently reached 100 million monthly actives in India. And through internet.org we are looking to build on this kind of success. We've already started to deliver results. 
By partnering with mobile operators in the Philippines and Paraguay, we've doubled the number of people using mobile data with our partners, and brought almost 3 million more people onto the Internet. Our early test and research into new technologies, such as drones and other infrastructure to connect people, are promising. 
And over the long term, we also expect WhatsApp to play an important part in connecting everyone by offering a simple, fast and reliable messaging system that could be as ubiquitous as Facebook one day. We will have more to share after that deal closes. 
Next, let's talk about understanding the world. Understanding the world is about using Facebook to build up long-term knowledge about the world, and helping to answer questions for people that no other service can. 
Next week Facebook holds our fifth f8 conference, the main event for our developer community. We do this because even with all the experiences we are building, we understand that there will always be more social experiences that we can't build. So, we want to keep serving developers better, and to help them build, grow and monetize their apps. 
We've made good progress here. On mobile, app installs have been one of our best-performing ad products, driving over 350 million installs to date. Over 60% of the top grossing apps on the Apple App Store and GooglePlay use mobile app ads, which is pretty impressive performance for a product that launched in January of last year. 
On desktop, games continue to be popular on our platform. And over the last 12 months desktop game developers generated more than $3 billion in payments volume on Facebook. 
It's worth noting that even though our mobile and desktop products seem completely different, they're both delivering the same value to developers -- the ability to reach a large targeted audience. That's what we provide. And regardless of the format, we will continue to improve this value. 
We see a big opportunity to continue improving the relevancy of the ads people see on and off Facebook, to help mobile developers better monetize their apps, and to help provide greater reach for marketers. I look forward to sharing more details next week at f8. 
Finally, let's talk about our efforts to build the knowledge economy. Building the knowledge economy is about building out the technology platforms the world needs for the future so everyone can use information to do their jobs better. Advertising and the ability to reach people more broadly is one of the most important technology platforms for achieving this. We are investing a lot to serve four major kinds of partners -- small businesses, brands, developers, and e-commerce partners. 
After introducing News Feed ads, which increased the supply of ads in our system, our recent efforts have primarily focused on improving the relevance and quality of these ads. To do this, we've been working to improve the tools we provide for marketers so they have access to better targeting capabilities, simpler ad products, and more useful measurement tools. Our approach is less about developing new products for marketers, and more about improving existing ones and helping businesses use them efficiently. 
Our goal is to make our ads as interesting and valuable as the organic content that you find on Facebook so that more people find ads useful, and businesses can engage effectively with our community and grow. Our most recent data shows that this approach is working well. And we continue to be really encouraged by the feedback we are seeing from people about our ads. There's still more work to be done here, but we've shown that we can continue to serve our community well while also growing a healthy business. 
That's my update on how we've been executing against our strategy over the last quarter. It's been a busy quarter and a strong one. We are proud of our progress as a company and everything that we are accomplishing today. In large part this is due to the incredible quality of our team. And I'm very grateful for the support of everyone here at Facebook, as well as our stockholders and partners, as we continue working to achieve our mission. 
In addition to thanking our employees, I also want to thank one person in particular, David Ebersman, who is stepping down as CFO after almost five years. David has been a great partner in building Facebook. He set the right tone about operating efficiently. He set us up to make the long-term investments we need. And, most importantly, he's built an incredibly strong team, including Dave Wehner, who will be our next CFO. I've learned a lot from Dave, both personally and professionally, and am grateful for everything he's done to help make the world more open and connected. 
Thank you. And now here is Sheryl. 

Thanks, Mark. And hi, everyone. Before I start, I want to join Mark in thanking David for being an extraordinary partner and friend over these past five years. As Mark said, he's contributed so much to our Company, and I've learned so much personally working with them. 
Great people build great teams, and that's what David has done. And, so, I'm also really excited to continue working with Dave Wehner as he steps into his new role as our CFO. 
We are off to an outstanding start in 2014. Our total revenues were up 72% year over year. And our advertising revenue growth accelerated to 82%. That's our strongest year-over-year advertising growth rate in nearly three years. 
We are really pleased with these results and the level of execution in our business. The team is staying focused on each element of our monetization strategy, capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers who advertise with us, and investing in our ad products. 
Mobile continues to be a big driver for us and a big opportunity. Mobile comprised 59% of our ad revenue in the quarter, up 6 percentage points from Q4. We continue to believe that this is because Facebook has the best mobile ad product in the market. 
We also continued to grow the number of marketers using Facebook and saw growth from existing advertisers, as well. Our growth is very broad-based, coming from all types of marketers, with particular strength with SMB and direct response. We saw strong performance this quarter from verticals such as mobile gaming, e-commerce and consumer package goods. 
I'm especially pleased with what we're seeing and hearing from clients around the world as they shift budgets to online, to mobile, and to Facebook. One recent powerful example is Sport Chek, Canada's largest sports retailer. They recently decided to pull their paper circulars, which their company had relied on as its primary ad vehicle for 92 years, for two weeks, and replace them completely with digital spend, a majority of which was on Facebook. 
During those two weeks, national in-store sales grew 12% year over year. And in-store sales of the items they promoted on Facebook grew 23%. As a result, they're going to continue with their test. And their goal is to transition more than 25% of their print spend to digital and Facebook in the next year. 
Last week I was in Europe meeting with clients, agencies, SMBs and developers. And what I heard from them was how Facebook was becoming increasingly important in driving their businesses. 
Investing to improve and expand our ad products remains a very important priority for us. Our goal is to continue to develop new ways to help marketers reach their customers. We've done this over the last couple of years by enhancing our targeting capabilities, simplifying our ad products, and improving our measurement tools. I'll touch on each of these three areas. 
First, targeting. Along with Facebook's reach and scale, marketers value our proprietary targeting to help them reach the right customers and create more personalized and therefore more efficient and effective ad campaigns. 10 times more marketers are now using our custom audiences targeting feature compared to last year. 
To share just one recent example, Ben & Jerry's wanted to drive more sales from its classic flavors. They used a wide range of our targeting capabilities, including Custom Audiences and Partner Categories, to reach premium ice cream buyers. Their campaign reached 14 million people, roughly 90% on mobile, and drove an 8.1% sales lift from those consumers. As more marketers use our targeting tools, our ads become more relevant for our users and drive even better results for marketers. 
Second, we're simplifying and enhancing our ad tools for the over 1 million advertisers on Facebook. The tools that were previously available to only the biggest and most sophisticated advertisers, like Custom Audiences and Partner Categories, are now available on our self-service ad creation process. By making these tools more accessible, we believe we can grow the number of advertisers on our platform and improve their results. Additionally, for direct response marketers, we've added more specific calls to action in our ads, including buy now or install now buttons that greatly improve the efficacy of these ads. 
Finally, we are also really pleased with the results we're seeing from our investments in measurement tools. Our online conversion measurement tools enable our direct response advertisers to measure the impact their Facebook ad campaigns have on online sales. And we recently launched new off-line conversion tools to measure in-store sales, which have yielded positive initial results. 
Our ongoing service will continue to be on improving the quality, relevance and performance of our ads, and demonstrating value to marketers. We believe we still have a lot of opportunity to generate future returns by continuing to focus in these areas. 
We also have significant opportunities to develop newer products, like premium video, ads on Instagram, and our recently launched ad network test. Our initial efforts show a lot of promise and we've gotten good feedback from marketers in all of these areas. But it's still very early and we don't expect meaningful contributions from these projects this year. 
To summarize, our ads business is performing very well. I want to take a minute to congratulate and thank our teams all around the world, and our ads engineering, product, and design teams on all the progress we have made. I also want to thank our clients, agencies, TMDs and over partners who work with us every day to use our platforms to build relationships with their customers to create personalized marketing at scale. 
It's an exciting time for us as more marketers around the world gain conviction in the results they can achieve on Facebook. We have a great opportunity to build the world's first platform for personalized marketing at scale. It's early in that journey and we are going to stay focused on making the right investments in our ad business and executing against our plan. 
Thanks, everyone. And now here's David. 

Thanks, Sheryl. And good afternoon, everyone. Before I dive into the numbers I wanted to say a few words about my decision to step down as CFO. This was a hard decision for me because of how much I love Facebook and all the people I work with here. 
In particular, I can't thank Mark and Sheryl enough for their friendship and support, and for letting me be a part of their team. I'm confident that Facebook's best days lie ad. And I'm excited about the path Mark and Sheryl are leading the Company on. 
My decision is a personal one based on my desire to get back into healthcare where I spent my entire career before Facebook. And after 10 years as the CFO, half of them here, I'm ready for a different role and challenge. 
Right now feels like a great time for this change. The Business is doing well, the foundation is solid. And in Dave Wehner we have a terrific successor who is up to speed and ready to go. I have complete confidence in Dave and the rest of the finance team. 
Dave will formally take over for me in June and he'll take my place on the next earnings call. I plan to stay with the Company through September to ensure a smooth transition. I also want to thank our shareholders for your partnership and support. 
Now, to the quarter. Q1 was a strong quarter for us across the business. We increased our revenue growth rate, expanded operating margins, delivered free cash flow of over $900 million, and continued to make investments to position the Company for near-term and long-term growth. 
Let's start with some people metrics. The number of people using Facebook on an average day in March grew to 802 million, up 137 million from a year ago. As Mark mentioned, this daily number represents almost 63% of the 1.28 billion people who used Facebook during the month. And overall engagement remains strong. 
Additionally, these stats don't include Instagram, which now has more than 200 million monthly active users, showing the remarkable progress by the team. Two years ago this month when the acquisition was announced Instagram had fewer than 22 million monthly actives. 
Turning now to the financials. Q1 total revenue was $2.50 billion, up 72% versus Q1 last year. And total ad revenue was $2.27 billion, up 82%. Ad revenue growth was strong around the world, with each of our four geographic regions growing by over 70%. 
Mobile ad revenue was approximately $1.3 billion compared to around $377 million in Q1 last year. And, notably, mobile ad revenue was up 7% sequentially despite the seasonal benefits in Q4. Desktop ad revenue in Q1 was up 8% compared to Q1 last year. 
In Q1 the average effective price per ad displayed increased 118% year over year, while total ad impressions declined 17%. The decrease in ad impressions was due to factors including the continued shift towards mobile use, where people are shown fewer ads compared to desktop. The increase in average price per ad was primarily driven by a mix shift, with more ads being shown in News Feed. News Feed ads have significantly higher engagement, click through rates and price per ad compared to right-hand column ads, so a higher proportion of ads appearing in News Feeds drives up the overall average price per ad. 
The price volume trends were pretty consistent across our four geographic regions. Total payments and other fees revenue was $237 million, up 11% versus Q1 last year. However, the more meaningful comparison that better reflects the organic growth we saw in the payments business comes from looking at payments volume from games specifically, which was up 1% in Q1 compared to Q1 last year, down from the 8% year-over-year growth rate we saw in Q4. 
As we've discussed before, the shift to mobile is a significant headwind since our games payments revenue comes from desktop only where usage is flat or declining. So, growing this business going forward will be challenging. 
Turning to expenses, our Q1 GAAP expenses were $1.4 billion, up 32%. And our non-GAAP expenses were $1.1 billion, up 26%. Our headcount increased 39% from a year ago. 
Our Q1 GAAP operating income was $1.1 billion, representing a 43% operating margin. And our non-GAAP operating income was $1.4 billion, represented a 55% margin, up from 39% last year. While the margin improvement was helped by some nonrecurring items that drove up costs in Q1 last year, we're pleased that the increase in margins came mostly from cost of revenue and G&A. As planned, we've created efficiencies in infrastructure and administration, while continuing to aggressively grow our investment in R&D, along with marketing and sales, to drive future performance. 
Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were 40% and 36%, respectively. GAAP net income was $642 million, or $0.25 per share, and non-GAAP net income was $885 million, or $0.34 per share. In Q1 we spent $363 million on CapEx and generated $922 million in free cash flow. We ended Q1 with $12.6 billion in cash and investments. 
Now, looking forward. First, I want to note that the forward-looking comments I will share today do not reflect any impact from the recently announced acquisitions of WhatsApp and Oculus, neither of which has closed. After the deals close, we will update our guidance, as appropriate. 
In terms of expenses, consistent with what we've said previously, we're planning that our total 2014 GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue and stock comp, will likely grow in the neighborhood of 35% to 40%. And that non-GAAP expenses, including cost of revenue but excluding stock comp, will likely grow in the neighborhood of 40% to 45%. 
For taxes, we expect GAAP and non-GAAP rates for the rest of 2014 to be similar to or a bit higher than our Q1 rates, although this could vary widely depending upon our international revenue and expense mix and other factors, including the impact from acquisitions. We continue to anticipate our 2014 CapEx will be approximately $2 billion to $2.5 billion. 
We also continue to expect shares outstanding for calculating EPS to grow from around 2.6 billion at year-end 2013, by 2% to 2.5% in 2014, excluding the two large deals we've announced. Those deals, once closed, will add another 207 million shares, as well as additional unvested RSUs that will affect our share count over the subsequent four to five years. 
Turning last to ad revenue. As you know, our year-over-year comparables will get more challenging going forward from here because of the timing of the ramp-up of News Feed ads in 2013. As the comps become more difficult, we continue to expect that over the rest of 2014, our year-over-year ad revenue growth rates will decline from the Q1 rate and be meaningfully lower by the end of the year. 
That being said, we believe we are still in the early stages of building our ads business. And we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term opportunity to grow revenue impressively by improving the quality and relevance of our ads and increasing the value we bring to marketers. 
In summary, Q1 was a great start to the year. We are very pleased with how well our ads performed, the strong marketer interest in our ads platform, particularly on mobile, and the investments we're making to build long-term shareholder value. Now let's open for questions.