
Good morning. Thanks to everyone on the phone as well as the webcast for joining us this morning for the third-quarter 2016 results. Hopefully everybody has had a chance to review the earnings release documents that are available on the website.
Before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul let me remind you we may make some forward-looking statements. For further information on these please refer to either our earnings release documents, our website or our SEC filings.
One thing before Brian and Paul get into the results I just want to remind you we filed an 8-K on October 4 giving notification the Company changed our method of accounting for the amortization of premium and accretion of discounts related to certain debt securities known by the investment community as FAS-91. Our change to the contractual method which is used by the majority of our peers will provide better comparability of our results. As a result of that change we restated our historical results and provided the historically restated information in the 8-K and our earnings materials today naturally reflect those restatements.
With that let me turn it over to Brian Moynihan, our Chairman and CEO, for some opening comments before Paul Donofrio, our CFO, goes through the details. Brian?

Thank you, Lee. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today to review our third-quarter results.
Our results this quarter continue our progress on our long-term strategy. We continue to drive responsible growth and deliver more of the Company's capabilities to our customers and clients. This progress is becoming clearer with each successive quarter and you can see the highlights of that on slide 2.
We reported earnings of $5 billion or $0.41 per diluted share, an EPS improvement of 8% from the year-ago quarter. We improved operating leverage across the businesses, utilizing technology to lower cost and improve our processes.
Our pretax earnings improved 17% compared to third-quarter 2015. This pretax earnings comparison is important as it eliminates the unusual movements in the tax line like this quarter's tax charge and the UK corporate tax rate change.
Like last quarter I thought I would address a few topics we are hearing from all of you. To do that let's look at slide 3 and 4 of the earnings material.
A first question is, are we making progress driving our responsible growth strategy? Yes, we continue to show progress throughout all the businesses. Our revenue growth has more clarity as we move past the periods of significant impacts from implementing regulations, running off non-core portfolios and divesting non-core businesses.
Revenue grew 3% over the third quarter of last year. Behind that improvement is our continued investment in this great franchise, in our sales teams, in our technology across the board. These sales teams and the buildup we have been doing there helps us to increase our capacity to serve our customers and clients.
An example of that is in our Consumer business. There our focus is on being the core bank to all our households. This has resulted in fewer checking accounts than we had years ago, but the average balance of the checking accounts we have has doubled and they are now roughly $6,500 per account.
You can also see this in the growth of our Merrill Edge brokerage balances which now total over $138 billion, adding investment relationships to the mass-market customer base. In general, consumers are deepening their relationships with us as they use our straightforward investing tools to get them started on the path to investing.
For our affluent and wealthy customers our customer progress also continues. Our Global Wealth & Investment Management teams, US Trust and Merrill Lynch, not only managed $2 trillion-plus in investment balances but also manage nearly $150 billion in loans at more than $250 billion in deposits. And we continue to see net flows of core assets in that business.
On the commercial side clients continue to respond to our universal banking model for a simplified stop for financing investing advisory services. We will continue to operate within our established risk framework in defined customer groups and we aren't reaching for growth. This will drive more sustainable results over a longer period of time for our shareholders.
With our global peers restructuring, including in the Markets business, I think this quarter is another great example of our Global Markets business' importance to our investing and issuing clients. We saw better client activity driving the best third-quarter results we have had in five years in Investment Banking and in sales and trading. We are doing that with a smaller balance sheet, fewer people and lower value at risk or VAR.
So growth in deepening all consistent with our responsible growth strategy continues across all the customer bases. Paul will talk to you more about the statistics and these successes.
Another question that we get asked is can credit remain this strong? Well, many of you asked that last quarter and the quarter before that and the quarter before that and this quarter it still got better again with our charge-off ratio declined to 40 basis points this quarter at an historic low. This is driven by changes we made right after the crisis, think in 2008 and 2009, and the long-term benefits of that effort continue to come through.
And, by the way, sticking to our responsible growth strategy even as times have been relatively better. US consumer health is generally good. Over the past few quarters, exposures in our oil and gas that were causing industry concerns for commercial losses have improved and charge-offs have receded. Other commercial credit remains very strong, and Paul will touch on these topics later.
Another question we get asked is what can we do to drive earnings even if we stay in this low rate, low growth environment? We aren't waiting for interest rates to rise here at Bank of America. We are driving our earnings growth now.
We work on the things that we can control: expenses, loan and deposit growth and fee growth. Long-term rates are down compared to last year yet earnings have grown. Despite that net interest income is up 3% from third-quarter 2015 while net interest yield has been stable because we grew core loans and deposits.
Paul will take you through the loan growth details later but I want to pause a moment and talk about our deposit growth. Deposits are a core part of what drives our franchise earnings. We have $1.2 trillion in deposits.
That's proof that customers entrust us to safeguard their money. We are heavily weighted in the mix of those deposits towards consumers whether the general consumers or wealthy consumers. This, in turn, provides a very stable base of funding for the Company and allows us to be less reliant on the markets for funding.
Nearly $450 billion or 36% of our deposits are noninterest-bearing, a very strong mix. Deposits on average grew $68 billion year over year or 6%. The teams have done tremendous work here and this quarter wasn't an anomaly.
This is the fourth consecutive quarter where we have grown deposits more than $50 billion over the previous year. Our commercial teams remain focused on growing deposits also. They are growing deposits that are LCR friendly and doing great work with our industry-leading cash management capabilities.
As a result year-over-year Global Banking grew deposits 3% to $300 billion. Our Consumer and Wealth Management teams combined have $860 billion in deposits. They grew this large base by 8% in the past 12 months.
For the first time Consumer topped $600 billion in deposits. These deposits are growing because our capabilities in the business are the best in the industry and our customers and clients see that. Whether t is our 21 million plus mobile banking customers, or 34 million plus online customers or the more than 5 million customers that come into our financial centers every week, these customers show that they appreciate the capabilities and integration of our networks.
So when we look at what else can we do to control and drive earnings in a low growth environment we get asked a lot about expenses and can those expenses keep being driven down and go lower. Well, the answer is yes. Last quarter we gave you a 2018 expense target and we continue to make progress towards that.
Our expenses declined 3% from the third quarter of 2015 to 2016. Our efficiency ratio improved to 62% this quarter. That is a 400 basis point improvement from last year's third quarter.
We continue to deliver on expense reductions while continuing to invest in technology and sales teams and other matters that are important for the future of this franchise. After you take into account the additional large bank FDIC assessment that started this quarter, expense is also down on a linked-quarter basis even as we continue to invest and absorb all the severance, regulatory, resolution planning and other repositioning cost to continue to reduce our operating costs.
We have been innovating in technology and we will continue to do so to improve processes and eliminate the need for paper and humans handling that paper. Our Simplify and Improve initiatives continue to help drive those costs are down.
And that leads to the question we also get asked, can we deliver and sustain returns above our cost of capital? As Lee talked about earlier we restate our results to change under FAS-91 and reduce the variability and make us more comparable to peers. As you can see, that makes it a little easier to see the longer-term return on tangible common equity trends.
This quarter we reported 10.3%. It has now stabilized above the cost of capital, even given our larger and larger capital base.
We still have work to do here to drive it to our ultimate goals. But this quarter is another strong step in that direction.
Importantly, on slide 4 you can see that each business has improved its leverage. They grew their earnings, had strong efficiency and returned far above the cost of capital. And all that continues to bode well as we look ahead.
So as we look forward we are driving responsible growth and maintaining discipline on cost. And this has allowed us to deliver more capital back to you. And we will keep on doing that.
Now let me turn it over to Paul to cover the numbers. Paul?

Thanks, Brian. Good morning everybody. Since Brian covered the income statement highlights I will start with the balance sheet on page 5.
Strong deposit growth drove a small increase in the size of our balance sheet versus Q2. Deposits rose $17 billion or 6% on an annualized basis. During the quarter long-term debt fell by $5 billion.
We put cash to work growing securities in our investment portfolio and more modestly through loan growth. Global liquidity sources rose driven by deposit growth and we remain well compliant with LCR requirements. Tangible common equity of $174 billion improved by $2.8 billion from Q2, driven by earnings.
In the process we returned $2.2 billion to common shareholders through a combination of dividends and $1.4 billion in share repurchases. On a per share basis tangible book value increased to $17.14 of $1.60 or 11% from Q3 2015. I would note that this increase was driven by both retained earnings as well as share repurchases below tangible book value as we reduced shares 3% from Q3 2015.
Turning to regulatory metrics, as a reminder we report capital under the advanced approaches. RCET1 transition ratio under Basel III ended the quarter at 11%.
On a fully phased-in basis, CET1 capital improved $4 billion to $166 billion. Under the advanced approaches compared to Q2 2016 our CET1 ratio increased 40 basis points to 10.9% and is well above our 10% 2019 requirement.
RWA declined roughly $20 billion, driven by reductions in global markets exposures and improvements in credit quality driven by runoff of non-core legacy exposure. We also improved our capital metrics under the standardized approach. Here our CET1 ratio improved to 11.8%. Supplemental leverage ratios for both parent and bank continue to exceed US regulatory minimums that take effect in 2018.
Turning to slide 6, on an average basis total loans were up $23 billion or 3% from Q3 2015 and while up from Q2 2016 growth was at a slower pace. Consistent with past periods, we break out loans in our business segments and in All Other. Year over year, loans in All Other were down $30 billion, driven by continued runoff of first and second lien mortgages while loans in our business segments were up $53 billion, or 7%.
In Consumer Banking we continue to see growth in residential real estate and vehicle lending, offset somewhat by home-equity paydowns which continued to outpace originations. In Wealth Management we saw growth in residential real estate and structured lending. Global Banking loans were up $26 billion or 8% year over year. On the bottom right of the chart, note the growth of $68 billion average deposits that Brian mentioned.
Turning to asset quality on slide 7, we believe a number of factors including our strategy of responsible growth, enhanced underwriting standards since 2008 and a healthier economy have transformed the risk profile of Bank of America as we look forward to future economic cycles. Total net charge-offs of $888 million improved $97 million from Q2. Consumer losses declined across a number of products and commercial losses also declined, driven by lower energy losses.
Driven by these improvements, provision expense of $850 million declined $126 million from Q2. We had a small overall net reserve release in the quarter as consumer real estate releases more than offset builds in other products.
On slide 8 we provide credit quality data on our Consumer portfolio. We remain focused on originating consumer loans with borrowers with high FICO scores and our asset quality remains strong.
Net charge-offs declined $71 million from Q2. This improvement was broad-based across consumer real estate as well as credit card.
Note that credit cards accounts for more than two-thirds of losses in our Consumer portfolio and within our US credit card book the loss rate improved to 2.45%. NPLs improved and reserve coverage remains strong.
Moving to Commercial credit on slide 9, net charge-offs of $110 million improved $26 million from Q2. With respect to energy, exposures are down, losses improved, oil prices have stabilized and we have $1 billion of reserves. More specifically, energy charge-offs of $45 billion decreased $34 billion from Q2.
While reservable criticized declined from Q2 we did experience an increase in NPLs this quarter which was concentrated with two clients, one in metals and mining and one in energy. Overall, our commercial portfolio continues to perform well. As I shared with you last quarter, the metrics in the commercial portfolio speak for themselves in terms of quality and performance.
The reservable criticized exposure declined and as a percentage of loans remains low. The Commercial net charge-off ratio is 10 basis points. Excluding small business it is 5 basis points and has been around 15 basis points or better for 15 consecutive quarters and the NPL ratio remains low at 45 basis points.
Turning to slide 10, net interest income on a GAAP non-FTE basis was $10.2 billion, $10.4 billion on an FTE basis. As Lee mentioned earlier, we changed our accounting method for the amortization of premium or discount paid on certain of our debt securities from the prepayment method to the contractual method. The contractual method is used by our peers and should make it easier for investors to make comparisons.
Compared to Q3 2015, NII is up $300 million or 3% as loan growth, higher short-end rates and higher security balances funded by deposits more than offset the negative impact of generally lower long-end rates over the past several quarters.
Okay, with respect to asset sensitivity as of 9/30, an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in rates is estimated to increase NII by $5.3 billion over the subsequent 12 months. This is lower than the sensitivity we reported at June 30.
The reduction was mostly on the long end, driven by the change to the contractual method and slower prepaid speeds based upon recent trends and customer behavior. Note that this sensitivity on the short end at $3.3 billion has not changed significantly.
Turning to slide 11, noninterest expense was $13.5 billion. That's $0.5 billion lower or 3% lower than Q3 2015, driven by cost reductions across the Company. This is the initial quarter of the increased FDIC assessment to shore up the deposit insurance fund.
The increase in expense for us is roughly $100 million per quarter. Compared to Q2 2016, expenses were stable as good core expense control was offset by the higher FDIC cost and modestly higher incentives.
Q3 litigation expense was $250 million, which is fairly consistent with both Q3 2015 as well as Q2 2016. Most expense categories were lower year over year. This trend was led by personnel expense, which includes the Q4 2015 expiration of the fully amortized advisor awards in Wealth Management. The rest of the improvement was driven by reduced cost of mortgage servicing coupled with same efforts and other initiatives.
Our employee base is down 3% from Q3 2015. While the overall headcount is down it is important to note that year over year we added over 1,000 primary sales associates across Consumer, Wealth Management and Global Banking.
Turning to the business segments and starting with Consumer Banking on slide 12. Consumer earned $1.8 billion, continuing its trend of solid results and reporting a robust 21% return on allocated capital. I would note that pretax pre-provision earnings rose $377 million or 10%.
Expense and NII improvement were both notable and together enough to more than offset higher provision expense and prior-year divestiture gains. Revenue was relatively flat on a reported basis compared to Q3 2015 as 4% in NII was offset, as I said, by the absence of approximately $200 million of divestiture gains in 2015. As a reminder, these gains in Q3 2015 result from divestitures of an ancillary appraisal business, a card portfolio and some financial centers.
Excluding those prior-period gains, revenue improved year over year and growth in pretax pre-provision earnings was even more substantial. Falling 400 basis points, Consumer Banking's efficiency ratio of 55% improved meaningfully year over year.
Okay, turning to slide 13 and key trends, first on the upper left the stats are a reminder of our strong competitive position. Looking a little closer at revenue drivers compared to Q3 2015, net interest income continued to improve as we drove deposits higher. Average deposits continued their strong growth, up $50 billion or 9% year over year, outpacing the industry.
With respect to noninterest income service charges were up modestly while card income was down. Spending levels and issuance were strong but revenue growth was muted by customer rewards. We are attracting relatively higher quality card customers that, on the one hand, have higher spending habits but, on the other hand, receive more rewards.
This has two important benefits to note. First, rewards deepen relationships, helping to grow deposits and make them more sticky, for example. Second, in our experience these customers have lower loss rates and a reduced need to interact with call centers, thereby allowing us to lower costs.
Turning to expenses, in the upper right they climbed 7% from Q3 2015 despite, excuse me, turning to expenses they declined 7% from Q3 2015 despite the higher FDIC assessment charges in the quarter. Expense reductions are the result of a number of initiatives. For example, mobile banking penetration helps to optimize our delivery network while improving customer satisfaction, more chip cards help us lower fraud costs and digitalization of processes and statements helps us eliminate paper and related handling costs.
One can observe the impacts of these types of initiatives on the cost of deposits which continued its march lower, dropping below 1.6% this quarter. Focusing on client balances on the left, in addition to deposit growth Merrill Edge brokers assets at $138 billion are up 18% versus Q3 2015 on strong account flows and market valuations. We also increased the number of Merrill Edge accounts by 11% from Q3 2015.
We now have nearly 1.7 million households that leverage our financial solution advisors and self-directed investing platform.
Moving across the bottom right of the page, note that loans are up 7% from Q3 2015 on strong mortgage and vehicle lending growth. As reviewed in previous quarters we continue to focus on originating high FICO score loans which have generally produced low loss rates and strong risk-adjusted returns. Loan growth included consumer real estate production of $20.4 billion, up 21% from Q3 2015 and in line with Q2 2016 as customers continue to take advantage of historically low interest rates.
We retained about three-quarters of first mortgage production on the balance sheet this quarter. Average vehicle loans were up 17% from Q3 2015 with average booked FICO scores remaining well above 750 and net losses remaining below 30 basis points.
With respect to US card -- excuse me, US consumer card, average balances grew 7% from Q2 on an annualized basis, aided by seasonal back-to-school lending. We issued more than 1.3 million cards in the quarter and spending on credit cards, adjusted for divestitures, was up 8% compared to Q3 2015.
Turning to slide 14 and digital banking trends, as I mentioned earlier, we continue to see strong momentum in digital banking adoption with use across service, appointments and sales. Mobile banking is transforming how our customers bank and reshaping our Consumer segment. Importantly, as adoption rises, particularly around transaction processing and self-service, we see improved efficiency and customer satisfaction.
We continue to improve capabilities with the latest example being the launch of our Spanish mobile app which attracted over 800,000 active users in the first 10 weeks. We added roughly 1.1 million new mobile users in the quarter. The pace of user growth has increased despite an already impressive penetration rate of our checking account holders.
With more than 21.3 million active users, deposits from mobile devices now represents 18% of deposit transactions and 26 million checks were deposited via mobile devices this quarter. That is an average of 280,000 deposits per day, an increase of 27% year over year and the equivalent to volume of 830 financial centers.
Digital sales now represents 18% of total sales. And we now have more than 3,500 digital ambassadors in our financial centers driving further adoption.
Also, as you know, we are a leader in person-to-person and person-to-business money movement through digital transfers and bill payment capabilities. Consumers moved $243 billion in Q3, up 6% from last year.
And while all this is transformative, I would just remind you that we still have a little less than 1 million people per day walking into our centers across the US. This in-person interaction is important in terms of deepening and retaining personal relationships, providing more complex financial help and creating opportunities for further engagement.
Turning to slide 15, Global Wealth & Investment Management produced earnings of $697 million, up 10% from Q3 2015. Now it's no secret that this segment operates in an industry undergoing meaningful change as firms and clients adapt to the new fiduciary rules and other market dynamics. The good news is we start from a position of strength with a $2.5 trillion in client balances.
We have market-leading brands and a wide range of investment service offers from self-service to fully managed. Plus we have the resources to continue to invest in market-leading capabilities that address the changing needs of our clients. Year over year, revenue was down modestly but expenses were down even more, improving pretax margin to 25%, up meaningfully from Q3 2015.
Overall revenue declined 2% from Q3 2015 as NII growth was more than offset by lower transactional revenues. NII benefited from solid loan and deposit growth, noninterest income declined from Q3 2015 driven by lower transactional revenue that continues to be impacted by market factors as well as migration of activities from brokerage to managed relationships.
Noninterest expense declined nearly $313 million or 6% from Q3 2015 with half of that benefit derived from the expiration of the amortization of advisory retention awards that were put in place at the time of the Merrill Lynch merger. The rest of the improvement was a result of work across many categories of expense more than offsetting higher FDIC cost.
Moving to slide 16, we continue to see overall solid client engagement. Client balances approached $2.5 trillion and are up from Q2, including higher market valuations, $10 billion of long-term AUM flows and continued loan and deposit growth.
Average deposits compared against Q3 2015 are up 4%, driven by growth in the second half of 2015. Compared to Q2 average deposits were impacted by seasonal tax payments.
Average loans were up 7% year over year. Growth remained concentrated in consumer real estate and structured lending.
Lastly, earlier this month we announced some innovations to our IRA products and services which we believe positions us to better serve our clients given new fiduciary rules. These innovations are industry-leading and address not only the new fiduciary rules for time and accounts but also client preference for more choice and new ways to invest. First, we announced the rollout of a new offering called Merrill Edge Guided Investing.
This solution offers clients online investing enhanced with professional portfolio management. With the addition of this solution, clients have three fundamental choices which they can mix and match to best meet their needs. Clients can invest online completely self-directed through Merrill Edge or if they are interested in enhanced professional portfolio management they will be able to use Merrill Edge Guided Investing or they can choose fully advised, working one-on-one with a financial advisor via brokerage or fee-based advisory platforms.
We also announced that beginning in April 2017 for clients that choose to have a financial advisor provide advice with respect to their IRA accounts, we will provide this service to our fee-based advisory platform, Merrill Lynch One as we believe this is the best way for us to deliver for our IRA clients who choose to have this level of service and advice. Clients will also have the option to invest their retirement through Merrill Edge either completely self-directed or through Merrill Edge Guided Investing.
Turning to slide 17, Global Banking earned $1.6 billion which is up 22% year over year. Q3 reflects good revenue growth, solid cost control and solid client activity. The efficiency ratio improved to 45% in Q3.
Compared to previous third quarters, investment banking fees this quarter were the highest since the merger with Merrill in 2009. Return on allocated capital was 17%, a 300 basis point improvement from Q3 2015 despite adding a couple of billion dollars of allocated capital this year. Global Banking continues to drive loan growth within its risk and client frameworks, producing solid year-over-year improvement in NII.
Revenue growth also benefited from roughly $175 million from gains on FVO loans this quarter versus losses in Q3 2015. Higher treasury fees also added to revenue growth. The decrease in noninterest expense compared to Q3 2015 reflects good expense control that offset modestly higher revenue-related compensation and higher FDIC costs.
Looking at the trends on slide 18 and comparing to Q3 last year, average loans on a year-over-year basis grew $26 billion or 8%. Growth was broad-based across large corporates as well as middle-market borrowers and diversified across most products.
Having said that, as we noted last quarter the pace of commercial loan growth has slowed over the past couple of quarters. Demand across the industry appears to have slowed as well. We remain diligent in certain sectors such as commercial real estate and energy and we are also closely monitoring certain international regions.
Average deposits increased from Q3 2015, up $10 billion of 3% from both new and existing clients. As we grow treasury services we remain focused on quality deposits with respect to LCR.
Switching to Global Markets on slide 19, let me start by reviewing what I said last quarter regarding this segment. The past few quarters are examples of the importance of this segment to not only its clients around the world but also to the customers and clients of all our business segments. Again this quarter, Global Markets delivered for clients by helping them raise capital, buy and sell securities as well as manage risk.
We continue to invest in and enjoy leadership positions across a broad range of products. We believe this improves our sustainability -- we believe this improves the sustainability of our revenue and makes us more relevant to clients across the globe. We've been there for clients when they needed us across all these products.
Our results this quarter reflect this strategy and continued commitment to clients. Global Markets earned $1.1 billion and returned 12% on allocated capital. Revenue was up appreciably year over year and even outpaced typical seasonality by posting modest improvement over Q2 2016.
Total revenue excluding DVA was up 20% year over year on solid sales and trading results which rose 18%. It's worth noting we achieved these results with slightly less balance sheet, lower VAR and 7% fewer people. Continued expense discipline drove cost 1% lower year over year as increases in revenue-related incentives were more than offset by reductions in operating and support costs.
Moving to trends on slide 20 and focusing on the components of our sales and trading performance, sales and trading revenue of $3.7 billion excluding DVA was up 18% from Q3 2015 driven by FICC. In terms of revenue this was the best third quarter in five years. Excluding DVA and versus Q3 2015, FICC sales and trading of $2.8 billion increased 39% as we built momentum as the quarter progressed across a host of credit products and continued gains in rates products.
Mortgages showed particular strength among credit products as investors sought yield. Equity sales and trading was solid at $1 billion in revenue but declined 17% versus Q3 2015 which benefited from higher levels of market volatility and client activity.
On slide 21 we present All Other which recorded a net loss of $118 million. This loss includes a previously disclosed tax charge of $350 million due to the third-quarter UK enactment of a tax rate reduction which reduced the value of our UK DTA. The loss in the current period compares to earnings of $152 million in Q3 2015 as lower security gains and higher expense litigation offset higher mortgage banking revenue. NBI revenue this quarter includes $280 million benefit from higher valuations on our MSR driven by slower expected prepaid speeds based upon recent observed trends in customer behavior.
Okay, let me offer a few takeaways as I finish. We reported solid results this quarter that were consistent with our strategy of responsible growth. We remain focused on delivering responsible growth as well as strengthening and simplifying Bank of America.
Capital and liquidity strengthened. Asset quality remains strong. We grew revenue.
We grew deposits. We grew loans. We delivered for clients in capital markets.
We lowered costs. We invested in our future by adding sales professionals and deploying technology that helps customers better live their financial lives and improves satisfaction. And, importantly, we returned more capital to our shareholders.
With that let's open it up to questions.