Answer_1:

    First, the unit growth, you are right. It was 25% year-over-year, it is a deceleration, a small deceleration from the last couple quarters. Keep in mind, that it is our -- certainly, our biggest quarter, the most seasonal. And so, both from a revenue and from a unit standpoint, you saw a deceleration from Q3 to Q4 of 2012 also. And so, we saw a deceleration, not of the same magnitude we saw back in 2012, from Q3 to Q4. But if you take a look at the total growth, it is 25% on a unit basis, 22% ex exchange on a revenue basis.
We saw very good growth in North America, up 26%. This is again, on a revenue basis. It is down sequentially a little bit in the last couple quarters, but certainly up from Q4 last year where we grew 23%. In the International, the revenue was up about 15% ex exchange. If you look at the pieces, certainly one of the biggest things you are seeing is -- if you look at the Media growth, and our digital categories within Media and International it is growing very fast.
But as we have been talking about for quite some time, certainly a shift going from physical to digital. You see that reflected in our North America Media growth rates. The reason why you don't see it as much in our International is because we are at the very early stages of that. So that is what you are seeing, in terms of the differential up, certainly one of the key differentials between the International Media growth rate, and the North America growth rate. Also keep in mind, in other revenue, the AWS revenue which is growing very fast, is recorded in the North America segment.
In terms of the Prime -- in terms of impact, I am sorry, I can't help you with the impact on the US. What we have said is, globally, we have tens of millions of customers, and we certainly have been offering Prime in the US longer than International. And both segments are growing very fast from a Prime perspective, if that is helpful. And then, from a customer standpoint during Q4, we worked very hard on behalf of customers to make sure that we can service them. I think the team did a very nice job. We will continue to work on that to get even better in future quarters, and in future Q4's going forward.

Answer_2:

    Yes in terms of the refunds, we did give some in the form of gift certificates, as well as refunding some shipping fees where fees were incurred by customers -- for that subset of customers who were impacted. So that is reflected in the Q4 results that you see today.
And in terms of details of how we would roll out the Prime price increase that we are considering, you will have to wait on that. But certainly, it is, as I have mentioned it is something that we haven't had any increase in the nine years. Customers certainly love Prime. The available units for shipment have grown dramatically from 1 million to over 19 million. Over the last nine years, we haven't had any price increase.
Customer usage on a per customer basis has gone up pretty dramatically, given the selection and the convenience of the service. So that is why we are considering -- of course, during this nine year period, shipping costs have gone up a lot. Fuel costs have gone up a lot. So that is certainly the basis for us taking a look at it. But in terms of the details, we will be back when we make those decisions back to customers.

Answer_3:

    Sure. In terms of details, I can't really give you a lot of color on the more recent versus the Prime members who have been with us for a long time, except to say that there is a lot of similarities, in terms of what we are seeing. So in other words, customers, when we launched Prime nine years ago, one of the things that we hoped for, was customers would do a lot more cross-shopping, that they would buy more from us. And we are seeing that trend also in more recent Prime additions again. So we are -- the program is growing very fast. We are very, very pleased with it, and we think it is great for the business as we look forward as well. In terms of -- what was the second part of the question again?

Answer_4:

    Yes, it -- again, we had very fast growth. We put a couple statistics out in our holiday, our release on the 26th, that you can refer to. But we had very strong growth, and we -- it did constrain it a bit, and customers like it. And again, there is a lot of demand for the service, and we are going to continue to make sure that we can satisfy customers there. And we thought it was appropriate to do so, to do that during Q4.

Answer_5:

    Sure. In terms of the first part, we have added a lot of new services to Prime, beyond our -- the shipping benefits. You mentioned Kindle Owners' Lending Library, certainly video, Prime Instant Video, we are investing very heavily, and so those are certainly costly. Those aren't the reasons for the price increase that we are contemplating. Those are -- that decision again is just based on, we haven't done a price increase in nine years. Shipping costs have gone up, if you look back very considerably over the nine-year period. Customers like the service. They are using it a lot more. We have a lot more selection. They are using it a lot more. And so, that is the reason why we are looking at the increase.
In terms of International growth -- we -- the growth was solid, with revenue ex exchange at 15%. The unit growth was considerably faster than that, primarily because third-party growth was very strong, and certainly FBA is a component of that. And when you think about the capacity that we built it for, not only for our retail, but also for our third-parties, and we are able to offer our FBA items through Prime as well. So we are very happy with the capacity that we have built across the world, including our International operations, and that is reflected in the results that you are seeing. Certainly, one of the reasons why you are seeing the growth of operating income, up over 100% in Q4 for International, is because of the mix of third-party, certainly helping that. So it is a combination of a number of factors, but certainly that is one that is a significant call out.

Answer_6:

    Sure. In terms of Fresh in LA and the Bay Area, it is very, very early. We like what we see. Customers like the service. There has been good adoption. There has been good conversion from the Prime trials. And so, we are very pleased with what we are seeing there. But it is still very early. And so, we will have to -- you will have to stay tuned on that one. But again, it is very early, but we like what we see.
In terms of International Kindle Stores, yes, absolutely -- we are, to be very clear, if you look at the Kindle content growth in Q4 in International, it is very strong. It is just again, we are at the early stages of this cycle, from physical to digital. So the growth rate is very strong, and we saw similar type things, when we look back at the US, in terms of trends. But it is, again, it is -- we are at the earlier part of the cycle on that conversion.

Answer_7:

    We are not breaking out the first party margins, if you will. So I can't talk to the specifics of that. But our retail business is very good, it -- the combination of our retail business and our third-party business on our platform works for us. We think it is very important have both offerings for a number of reasons.
One is, from a customer experience standpoint, we like the fact the customers come to our detail pages on our respective websites around the world, and they see competitive offerings. They know that we are very excited about making sure we get great values for customers, and we price our products appropriately, competitively low. And so, having third parties on our website certainly helps do that. It also adds additional selection that we don't have.
And so, it is a combination of being able to make sure we have a competitive marketplace, as well as add great, unique selection from both retail offerings and third-parties that make it work. And so, that is why we don't talk necessarily about first-party or third-party in terms of margins, but it is the combination of those working together on a platform that makes it work.

Answer_8:

    In terms of Prime, there is not a lot I can help you with there. We certainly have -- it is a great offering for customers. I wouldn't speculate what we would do or not do, going forward. But we like the service that we have. We continue to invest in our Prime offering, and it comes in a number of different forms. We will continue to add unique selection that is Prime eligible. We have a great pattern of doing that over the nine-year period.
We have also offered other services as you mentioned, in terms of Prime Instant Video, as well as Kindle Owners' Lending Library. So it is a great value for customers, and we plan on keeping that a great value for customers, even with the price increase that we are considering in the US.

Answer_9:

    Yes, it was very broad in terms of growth. We are very fortunate that we saw very good growth across many different categories. Certainly, if you call out the Softline categories, were very strong. Consumables were very strong, again a number of different areas, those certainly, a few call outs.

Answer_10:

    Well, again, if you look at -- you were talking about -- I think your question was around EGM in North America? A good 25%, you are right, it did decelerate from Q3. Keep in mind that a number of the categories within EGM, there is certainly a seasonal impact. If you look back to last year, Q4, our growth rate in North America was 24%. So we actually saw an acceleration from Q4 last year to Q4 this year, up slightly. And so, that is -- and then, sorry, Mark, the second part of your question was related to?

Answer_11:

    No. I mean, I think certainly some of the UPS issues were documented in the press, and from our standpoint, our team did a very good job of serving customers. We did have the issue that you are describing. But again, we will continue to work on behalf of customers, to make sure we improve that experience over time, where we didn't serve them well. We certainly did give some GCs to customers. We also reimbursed them for shipping costs, where they incurred that, and we will continue to make that better and better for customers over time.

Answer_12:

    The first part of your question, do we expect -- is this is an indication that AWS is slowing down? No, it is not. Actually, we are very pleased with the AWS business. It is growing very fast. The team is doing a fantastic job, from a product and service standpoint, and we are very excited about that business. So I wouldn't form any opinions about what about what CapEx might be in the future, related to the growth rates in AWS. It is going very, very well.
And then, the price increase on Prime, anything that we would invest would be an independent decision from that again. I think in the in opening remarks, I talked about the rationale as to why, and that is really what is driving that decision. And then, our investment decisions would be independent of that.

Answer_13:

    I will take the second part first. Softlines was very strong in Q4, which Clothing is a piece of that. And in terms of tiers on Prime, I wouldn't speculate on what we might or might not do in the future. But we like the Prime program, where we have invested very heavily in it. We continue -- you should expect us to continue to make it even better over time.

Answer_14:

    Yes, we like it the way it is. But again, we are -- if you look back at what we have done -- can't speculate what we might do going forward. But certainly, we have had in the US Prime in place for nine years. We have added massive selection during that time period.
We have also added, this is on the physical side -- and we have also added digital content as well to the service in the US, with Kindle Owners' Lending Library, as well as Prime Instant Video. And so, it is a great value for our customers. We see the customers love it, and we are going to continue to try to make that even better for customers over time.

Answer_15:

    Sure. In terms -- I will take the second part first. The fulfillment centers, we opened seven on a net basis. So that is the net adds, and but on a -- if you take that as a percentage of our total fulfillment centers, you will get a number. But our square footage actually grew at quite a bit faster rate than that. Keep in mind that -- I think we have talked about in previous calls, we did have some smaller, older facilities that we consolidated into larger ones. And so, it is a net seven, and again the square footage growth is higher than that.
In terms of pricing on AWS, the team is doing a fantastic job, looking at the best way to run that part of our business. And I wouldn't want to speculate what they would or wouldn't do related pricing. But they are certainly making sure they are have -- offer great services to customers, and they are great values to customers as well, and we are very excited about that part of the business.

Answer_16:

    In terms of the shorter period for shopping, it is hard to tell. Honestly, it is hard to know. It definitely was a shorter period from post-Thanksgiving to the holiday, and but again, hard to know. And then in terms of your -- sorry, the other part of your question?

Answer_17:

    They were independent decisions. They weren't related.

Answer_18:

    Yes. There is no question that we get -- as we grow our footprint, we get closer and closer to customers with additional selection. And that has certainly helped us not raise prices, or look at raising prices before this. And so, certainly we will continue to roll out our footprint. We will try to make -- we are trying to make our network as efficient as possible.
And that is -- even with this price increase that we are looking at, it still enables us to make sure we that have Prime at a great value to customers. And that is something that is very important to us, because we know it is very important to our customers.

Answer_19:

    Hello? Could you repeat the question, please?

Answer_20:

    We are seeing customers like the digital content. We are seeing great engagement. We are not breaking out -- in terms of the form, but again, we are seeing great engagement. We do track very closely the Prime customers that come from free trials, for example, for -- that come through the pipeline for digital content from a free trials standpoint. We track those conversions, and we see that is growing very nicely.
We do look at customers that use our Prime Instant Video, how they -- what their shopping patterns look like outside of digital content? Do they buy, excuse me, beyond the free content that we have on there? Do they buy more digital content? And certainly, we are seen nice growth in digital content because of that, because they do. They also do a lot of shopping in physical categories as well. So those things we are tracking very closely. And it is a great pipeline for us, as customers look at the total value proposition for Prime, including digital content.

Answer_21:

    In terms of AWS, I think the best way to think about it is, a number of things that are in other, other than AWS can be lumpy. And you should assume when you look at the North America growth for Q4, that our AWS revenue is growing at a faster rate than other. And then in terms of Fresh, it certainly, when you look at those two, look at the new offerings that we have in the Bay Area and in the LA area, it is certainly helping our same-day delivery, and they work hand-in-hand. So in other words, we have -- we have increased our capability, both for Fresh, as well as for our non-Fresh part of our business there in those locations.

Answer_22:

    In terms of Kiva, it is very early, we have a -- we are early in our installations there. That is really all I can say. We have it in a few facilities. It is going very well, very pleased with having Kiva as part of the Amazon family, if you will, and we are excited about the opportunity that brings us going forward.

Answer_23:

    I can't comment.

Answer_24:

    I kind of view -- just having the more connected devices is just a tailwind for our business, and it is additive. It is certainly helping our business grow. So whether that is phones or tablets, it is just a tailwind for our business, and we think it will continue to be so. So it is -- customers will certainly still purchase from their desktop or their laptop. And so, the tablet and mobile will not be completely additive, but it will certainly be a tailwind for our business. It is just, anytime customers have easier access to be able to purchase, that is good for us.

Answer_25:

    Sure. We track a lot of our investments on a discrete basis as best we can. We are looking to maximize -- can you hear me okay?

Answer_26:

    We are looking to maximize free cash flow in those investments over time. And so, we have some investments that certainly start to pay off and become profitable in a three to five year period. We have others that have been a bit longer. But again, we are monitoring those investments very carefully. Our goal is to maximize free cash flow for investors over time. That is clearly our goal, and that is something that we are working towards.
All that being said, we are investing a lot of the business right now. You can see that when you look at our results. And the reason why we are doing that is because of the very large opportunities that we see. And we do go in cycles, as you have seen in our historical results. From time to time, we will pull back to make sure the model is working, and we have done that. And I am sure you will see that going forward at times as well. But again, we are focused on making sure that we have a great customer experience, and we maximize free cash flow over the long-term.

Answer_27:

    Great, thanks, Tom. Thank you all for joining us on the call today, and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com, and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

