Answer_1:

    Sure. I can take the question on video distribution as it relates to CapEx and the ad load question and then maybe on the sourcing of content, I'll pass it back to Sheryl. So on the video platform, clearly from an investment perspective, you've seen us step up our CapEx this year pretty substantially, and that's baked into the guidance of $4.5 billion of CapEx, which if you recall is the high end of our prior range. We are investing across our infrastructure to prepare ourself for growth across all of our different services and a part of that investment is really to support video. That is definitely more taxing on the network, and we're investing heavily on the network side. And as well, it does also impact our overall needs within the data center, servers, and the like. So it's certainly an area that we're investing in heavily and we expect to be investing in heavily going forward, Eric. 
And then on the ad load question, ad load is not -- it's not something that varies that dramatically by region. You're really looking at a number of factors. Really what's driving that is just the dispersion  of overall ad demand across region. We're seeing really good strength across the  globe on that front but ad load is not a big driver of discrepancies in ARPU that you see. That's really something that maps very closely to the size of the mobile ad markets per population in those countries. So it's not an ad load question. And then I'll hand it over to Sheryl to talk about video from a content perspective.

Answer_2:

    When you think about what's happening on video on our platform, we're really excited by the production and consumption of video, and we're seeing the full range from people posting the things in their personal lives. The power of what a mobile phone can produce and distribute now is pretty incredible when you compare it to just a  few years ago to some of the most sophisticated content producers in the world producing for us. We're experimenting across a wide variety of things. We're doing a partnership with the NBA to stream some US men's Olympic team games in the next couple of weeks. That said, our primary focus is on short-form content, not long-form content and we're pretty excited to see the different forms of content people will create both to share messages to create new content and to engage audiences around the world.

Answer_3:

    Thanks, Doug. On the DAU and NAU front, a couple things. One is DAU and MAU are up sequentially and year over year in all regions and with trends that are largely consistent with past quarters. So really good, strong growth across the globe on a DAU to MAU ratio. We don't do specific breakdowns of those  metrics by demographic. We're obviously pleased with our overall level of growth and engagement. On the teen front, younger users, we continue to be the best way to reach the largest global audience of teens and millennials. Teens remain engaged on Facebook. Clearly, how they've used our service has evolved over the years, and in addition to Facebook they're using Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp. So from a teen perspective, that's some color there. 
On the ad load front, ad load is definitely up from where  we were a few years ago. It's been an important driver of inventory growth, and really I think one of the things that's enabled us to grow ad load has been improving the quality and the relevance of the ads as you mentioned. And we've been able to do that without negatively impacting the user experience. We do expect that ad load will be a less significant factor driving overall growth, especially after mid-2017. The optimal ad load is really a mix of art and science. We've carefully tracked the impact of ads on the user experience over the last several years. We aren't seeing a cause for concern. 
We also want to be thoughtful about making sure that each person's overall feed experience has the right balance of organic and ad content. And that factors into you how we think about ad load and where that might ultimately be. And that's really why we're talking  our expectation that as you get into mid-2017, ad load will not be a big factor in driving overall inventory growth. We still see the opportunity to grow inventory from the growth of people and engagement on Facebook as well as our other services like Instagram. Instagram does have a lower ad load than Facebook.

Answer_4:

    Our growth this quarter was very broad-based across all of the regions. We had especially strong growth in APAC and the US and Canada, so that was part of the growth. In terms of our marketer segments from brands to direct response to SMBs to developers, the growth is really strong there as well. We're really excited today to announce that we have 60 million small business pages that are using Facebook on a monthly basis. And we're very focused on the opportunity to upsell them to advertising products. We think we have a good track record there. 
We're also seeing a lot of strength in brand, and I think that's because we have a combination of the creative and the storytelling, so the art with the science of the targeting. And when people do that well together, you see great opportunities. So to share one example. Jack in the Box used our canvas ads, which are very immersive ads. They are really good for a brand experience to roll out a new menu item, their Double Jack burger. They worked with agencies, Horizon, David and Goliath,  and Adaptly, and they targeted millennials on Facebook to create two different custom audience groups. One group was customers who had visited the restaurant web page or engaged with previous video ads. 
And the second group were people that hadn't engaged with them directly but were quick service restaurant purchasers. They had an average view  rate of 23 seconds across those canvas ads, so clearly people were really engaged in the planned experience of the ad, and they had a 13 point lift in ad recall and 9 point lift in purchase intent. I think what you're seeing is that across all of the objectives people have from brands, marketers to direct response to SMBs to developers, as our ad products get more sophisticated, our targeting and measurement get better. They have an increased opportunity to grow. And that's why we think our growth to date continues to be broad based.

Answer_5:

    Brian, I'll take the live video question. It's hard to compete with the Double Jack burger. In terms of live video, it's really early. We're really excited about it in terms of it providing an authentic and real form of sharing for people, and we're really trying to give people the full range of tools to share what they care about with anyone that they want, and live is really effective there. We've seen experiences both in terms of the light hearted like Candace Payne and also   more serious issues around the US and around the globe. 
So it's really an important part of what we're offering for people to share real experiences. Video as a whole is making a significant contribution to time spent growth. When we talk about the time spent per DAU growing worldwide across our family in double-digit percentages, video is making a contribution there more broadly.

Answer_6:

    Sure, so I'll talk about sharing, and then I think Dave can probably talk about ad load and pricing. So the overall level of sharing is up on Facebook, and what we're seeing is that how people share is evolving as we move from desktop to mobile. So you can imagine more photos on people's mobile cameras, fewer long full photo albums, more ability to capture video, probably a little bit harder to type on mobile. So there's this evolution. The other thing that we see is that now people have tools to share more privately as well. So when you think about sharing on Facebook, you shouldn't just think about the kind of sharing that you see in news feed. So sharing with all your friends, sharing in groups on Facebook and public sharing, which are the trends that I was just talking about. 
But another area that's growing incredibly quickly is private messaging. Between Messenger and WhatsApp, I think we're around 60 billion messages a day, which I think is something like 3 times more than the peak of global SMS traffic. That is something that is growing pretty quickly and that we're really excited about as well, and we're just going to continue working on giving people the best tools across the spectrum from private to public and across the spectrum from text-based and simple communication to richer type of media like photos, videos, and then eventually more immersive forms  like VR.

Answer_7:

    Justin, in terms of ad load, we talked about the different factors that go into it. Obviously, just in driving the overall business, advertiser demand, that was particularly strong this period. And then also  we matched that with supply. The supply, the two big drivers are user and time spent and then ad load. And getting the balance and mix right is important and clearly how the pricing plays out is via the auction. And we've had a good balance of demand growth and supply growth, and that's led to our good, strong financial results and our ability to deliver very strong ROI to advertisers. 
So we think we're in a good zone on the right ad load, and we do think there's opportunities to grow that modestly. But as we look forward into 2017, we think it will be a less significant factor driving inventory growth. We still think there's opportunities to drive inventory through user growth and time spent. I don't think we would think about necessarily dropping ad load to drive pricing. We're also very cognizant of providing good value to advertisers and getting that balance right is important to driving overall ROI as well as obviously providing better targeting and measurement tools for our advertisers.

Answer_8:

    I can take search. So when we talk about our strategy, I often talk about how when we develop new products, we think about it in three phases. First, building a consumer use case. Then, second, making it so that people can organically interact with businesses. And then third, on top of that, once there's a large volume of people interacting with businesses, give businesses tools to reach more people and pay. And that's ultimately the business opportunity. So I'd say we're around the second phase of that in search now. 
We have a pretty big navigational use case where people look up people and pages and groups that they want to get to and look at and search. One of the big growing use cases that we're investing a lot in is looking up the content in the ecosystem and that is an area that we're very excited about which helps people find more content. But certainly, there's a reasonable amount of behavior in there, which is looking for things that over time could be monetizable or commercial intense, and at some point,  we will probably want to work on that   but we're still in the phase of just making it easier for people to find all the content they want and connect with businesses organically.

Answer_9:

    On the Audience Network, we continue to invest in ad tech, and the Audience Network is a key part of our focus there. We don't break out revenue by our different platforms, but the opportunity to take not just video ads but other ad formats we have, bring them to the rest of the web and other apps with our ability to target and measure, we think is a big one. And what we're starting to see is that people are using Facebook, Instagram, and Audience Networks to drive their objectives in a cohesive way. 
So to share an example. Garmin launched the Fenix3 Sapphire watch, and they did it with video  ads on Facebook that worked without sound. They targeted outdoor enthusiasts then retargeted people who viewed the Instagram videos  with carousel ads on Facebook that highlighted the product features. Then they extended those ads on Audience Networks to maximize reach and they used the Facebook pixel to measure the incremental sales and got to a 9.7 times return on ad sales. That's a really good example of how you can take targeting and the ability to target across Audience Network, Facebook, and Instagram and drive people all the way down the funnel and we think more and more people will do that particularly as we do a better job of combining the interfaces. For example, you can buy now in one interface on Facebook, Instagram, and Audience Network.

Answer_10:

    And then Anthony, just one thing to add on top of that. We recognize the majority of our third-party advertising revenue through the Audience Network on a net rather than gross basis. That will also minimize the impact that will have on the top line.

Answer_11:

    I, like everyone else, am enjoying Pokemon Go. The biggest thing that I think we can take away from this as we invest in augmented reality in addition to virtual reality is that the phone is probably going to be the mainstream consumer platform that a lot of these AR features first become mainstream, rather than form factor that people will wear on their face. I think we're seeing this in a number of places, whether it's location through Pokemon or some of the face filter activity. I reference the MSQRD app that we acquired earlier in my remarks. That's kind of a fun way to augment social experience that you're having with someone. I think that there's a big opportunity to build out that platform and a lot more functionality around that. 
And one of the big themes that we're talking about here is becoming video first. And as people look for richer and richer ways to express themselves, just like people in the past have shared a lot of text  and photos on Facebook, we think that in the future more of that is going to be video and more of these augmented reality tools I think are going to be an important part of delivering that experience and making that fun to use and expressive as it can be.

Answer_12:

    And Mark, we've talked about our strategy on how we go about monetizing the different apps in our portfolio, and we usually talk about it in terms of three phases. Phase one is really growing the user base and engagement, and we're really pleased with where we are with Messenger and WhatsApp from that perspective, with both over 1 billion monthly actives. The second phase is really working on building organic interactions between businesses and consumers. And then finally, the third phase is about building those commercial opportunities. With Messenger, we're really at the beginning of phase two. Messenger today has 1 billion organic interactions between businesses and consumers each month. But in terms of where we are in having in terms of actual monetization, incredibly early on that front. We're really in that phase two where we're really talking about building those organic interaction.

Answer_13:

    On the political spending, our business is broad based enough that no one event drives our business. We're pretty large and diversified. While the political campaign, obviously  a lot of money is spent in ads. That's also true of an Olympics. It's also true of a World Cup. It's also true of a Superbowl. With all of these events taking place around the world, there's no one event that we think drives a huge portion of revenue. That said, we are pleased by what's happened on Facebook for the election cycle. Not just on the paid side but actually on the organic side as well. 
We really see Facebook being embraced by politicians all over the world to get in touch with their constituents, and we're pleased with that. Every member of Congress right now has a Facebook presence, and we're seeing people like one example is Elise Stefanik, who is the youngest person in the Congress. She made a pledge when she was elected that she would explain every vote she takes, and she explains every vote she takes on Facebook with shorter explanations if they're not controversial but longer explanations. That's the kind of mission-based work we're happy about because it brings people closer to the people who are representing them. 
We don't break out how many advertisers are advertising on the Audience Network but we're seeing solid and growing adoption of the Audience Network across the board as we are with Instagram. And we think all of these platforms together really help give us the ability to serve our clients in a very leveraged way and use the targeting and measurement capabilities we've invested in across multiple platforms.

Answer_14:

    So we have studied the effect that you're talking about and published the results of our research that show that Facebook is actually and social media in general are the most diverse forms of media that are out there. And basically what -- the way to think about this is that even if a lot of your friends come from the same kind of background or have the same political or religious beliefs, if you know a couple hundred people, there's a good chance that even maybe a small percent, maybe 5% or 10% or 15% of them will have different viewpoints which means that their perspectives are now going to be shown in your news feed. 
If you compare that to traditional media, where people will typically pick a newspaper or a TV station that they want to watch, and just get 100% of the view from that, people are actually getting exposed to much more different kinds of content through social media than they would have otherwise or have been in the past. So it's a good sounding theory, and I can get why people repeat it, but it's not true. So I think that that's something that if folks read the research that we put out there, then they'll see that. What was the other question?

Answer_15:

    Pre-roll.

Answer_16:

    Pre-roll. I can take that one too. So we don't think it would be a good experience in news feeds because a lot of when people are finding videos on Facebook is you're scrolling through news feed, you're looking  at what stories seem interesting to you, which is why we did the auto play videos so that rather than having to take an action, you can start experiencing the video automatically and continue watching if it's something that you're interested in. If we started playing an ad in the middle of feed before you got to the video then that would really go against that. I think people would just watch a lot less of the organic videos that were posted because of that. But the important thing to keep in mind on this is we don't need to do pre-rolls because our model is not one where you come to Facebook to watch one piece of content. You come to look at a feed and putting the ads in between the stories is a much more effective way to do it and better for the user experience.

Answer_17:

    On any update on M, I can start with that one.

Answer_18:

    I was going to take that one.

Answer_19:

    You're going to take that one. On the Instagram MAU  question, I don't think we're breaking out by region Instagram MAU. So no, I don't think there's any update there that I'm aware of.

Answer_20:

    Okay. Yes, so we just haven't updated the stat. Yes. So for M, we've released the Messenger platform and in bots in  the last six months. F8 was the big announcement there. I think since then, I think we've announced we have more than 10,000 bots in the system which are basically making it so that different businesses can build automated ways to communicate with people. The way we think about this experience is that qualitatively, I don't know a single person really who wants to call a business to get support or interact with it, whether that's trying to get a reservation for a restaurant or getting customer support or calling to buy something. Those are slow interactions. They're synchronous. They consume your whole attention while you're doing them. 
If we can make it so that you can have some of those interactions in an automated way where you fire off a text and then just get a response that quickly but asynchronously so it doesn't take up your full attention. I think that  that's going to be a much better experience that people really enjoy and like. So we're in the experimentation phase I think with the platform. We're seeing a lot of good ideas getting tried out, and I'm -- I personally enjoy a lot of the different bots set that people are using or making, especially the news ones where you get these digests at the end of the day of different kinds of content. And between that and M, which is kind of our own internal bot that we're building, I think this is going to be an interesting area to watch and encourage more interaction between people and businesses and texting.

Answer_21:

    Sure. And they're related. So overall, people are spending more and more time on mobile and that means that there are always more services that people use, whether it's YouTube or there's some really interesting ones with younger folks, especially like Musical.ly and Live.ly that I think are pretty interesting as well.  Snapchat, which you mentioned. Part of why I think you see this is that there are just so many different ways that people want to share, so many different kinds of content ranging from text to photo to video to just richer and richer more immersive content. And also there's a  range from private one-on-one type sharing to small groups, all your friends at once, large interspace communities, and then ultimately fully public. 
There are different apps that explore different regions of that space and do a good job with it and offer ideas that I think the whole market needs to learn from. Right now, the big theme and strategy that we're executing is we're going to become the video first, and what I mean by that is that there's this trend where 10 years back, most of what you saw and shared online was text. And then we went through a phase where most of it is photos. We really believe that in call it five years, whatever the period of time that it takes to get there, I think most of what people consume online is going to be video. And that means that there need to be a whole range of new production tools and consumption experiences for enabling that. 
For production, I think that means that you need to get the camera experience, the experience for capturing and uploading videos that you captured to be much better and a more central part of the experience. On consumption, there are innovations that we've had like auto play and feed but what's the next version of that that makes it so that people can have an even more native and default video experience when they're in news feed as well as private areas like Messenger and WhatsApp. I think you're going to see this across all of our apps, more focus on producing this kind of content and making it first class to consume as well, both in private and public context. And I think that's just a big trend across the market and one of the big things that if we get right, I think it's going to unlock a lot of sharing and opportunity.

Answer_22:

    And then just following up on Ross' question on Instagram and US because I think Ross you were asking, we've provided some rough percentages around international and US and I just wouldn't -- I wouldn't -- those were very approximate and I wouldn't base any trending on that, on those percentages.

Answer_23:

    I can take Instant Articles quickly. I think it's going well. It's a good user experience. People like it. The hypothesis when we rolled it out was that if we removed the latency, which is often 10 to 15 seconds of opening up a web view for news feeds that more people would read news. I think the initial data suggests that that's probably true. So that's good. We're getting more partners on and over the long term, I think one of the big things that we need to do is see if we can not only make this good for engagement for our partners but also a really positive business driver for them, too. That's something I'm excited about and we'll hopefully  have more news on that coming up.

Answer_24:

    On the 49% year-over-year growth in impressions, we're not providing a specific breakdown there. I would say that it's primarily driven by growth in Facebook mobile news feed. We've talked about the drivers of supply being growth in DAU, growth in time spent per DAU and ad load. And obviously, we've given stats around -- rough stats around -- we've given specific stats around DAU. We've talked about time spent per DAU being up double digit. I think you can make some assumptions around that. So that's probably the way to triangulate on that. I think we have time for one more question, Chris.

Answer_25:

    Yes, thanks, Mark. Like you said, we're not specifically breaking out revenue numbers. One thing to just keep in mind is Instagram is known and operated, property is represented gross in our revenue. Where as I mentioned the Audience Network by and large is going to be recognized net rather than gross. That is going to make it smaller in how it's going to appear in the revenue numbers. 
The overall growth is still being driven predominantly by Facebook. Instagram is clearly making a contribution, and then as is the Audience Network. In terms of ad load, as I said, it's been one of the factors driving supply. It's certainly been helpful. But there's also DAU growth and time spent per DAU growth to time spent per person and we continue to feel that there are opportunities to execute on those and continue to grow inventory in that way. So that's where we would focus. As we drive DAU faster than MAU, then that's going to increase that ratio but we're really focused on driving DAU and time spent per person.

Answer_26:

    Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again.

