Answer_1:

    In terms of fulfillment question, you're right in terms of,  over the past few years, we have expanded our fulfillment network pretty extensively  to the point where we are closer to customers; and  you're seeing that reflected in our transportation costs. 
You can obviously see the fulfillment expense is certainly not fixed in terms of in absolute terms. But  you can see that we had the 20 fulfillment centers last year and that's reflected in the operating expense that you're seeing. But that is a benefit of adding  to our fulfillment center network. We are closer and closer to customers, with a lot of great selection. You're seeing that reflected in the individual business gross margins, which shows up as benefits of transportation costs. 
In terms of other opportunities, certainly there are a number of opportunities, as we invest in individual customer experience areas across the business; many of those would be on our website. We have a relatively fixed expense, as we launch those and we're able to amortize those costs over our full customer base. As they grow, they become more effective on a per-unit or per-customer basis. There is a number of opportunities that we have had and will have going forward to do that.

Answer_2:

    We did see  a good expansion,  as you've mentioned,  in 3P. Our third-party units as a percentage of total units  increased some 36% last year, Q4 to 39%, some expansion of approximately 300 basis points. Our overall unit growth rate for the quarter in total was 32% and our third-party growth rate was  in excess of 40%. So, again, nice growth. 
It is -- you're certainly seeing it in a number of areas. You see it certainly in our EGM business. If you look at our North America growth rates, you can see that our revenue was up 23%, but our third-party -- our total unit growth rate was substantially faster than that and our third-party units were growing very fast there as well. So there's a number of different areas that you're seeing that, but certainly you're seeing it there.

Answer_3:

    There's not a lot I can comment on in terms of  our plans. Similar to last year, as we progress through the year, we can give you further updates on what we plan to do there. Last year, we  opened up 20 new fulfillment centers and so we saw  very rapid growth and fulfillment capacity last year. Stay tuned and we'll let you know more as the year progresses there.

Answer_4:

    In terms of unit growth, there's not a lot more I can add to it. We did see very strong -- we saw a substantially high unit growth and revenue growth in terms of paid unit growth in Q4  which we're seeing very strong third-party growth as well; it was up over 40%. In terms of investment cycle, yes, I wouldn't read into anything related to that.   We will still be adding capacity during 2013. In terms of the levels of how much we'll add,   as I mentioned earlier on the call, I'd just stay tuned and we'll let you know as the year progresses.

Answer_5:

    I'm not really sure how best to answer your question. We  certainly have expanded pretty dramatically over the past, coming out of 2009,  so between 2010, '11 and '12, we've rapidly increased our footprint  globally. Your comment was more directed towards the US, but we've also rapidly  increased our footprint in the US. 
As a result of that,  we're able to carry selection, a much broader selection, closer to customers, just with the,  as you would expect, with  this rapid increase. We've also expanded selection during that time period. So  we continue to be in the  locations we would like to be in and we'll continue to expand our footprint over time and become even closer and closer to customers. Beyond that, there's not a lot I can add.

Answer_6:

    There is some variation by business, but certainly that's  -- what we attempt to do is,  from  a pricing standpoint, is to try to be agnostic. That's certainly how we run the business. Again, this is on a third-party versus retail  and then we've always -- also added certainly a lot of other services over the past year in terms of fulfillment. So it really depends upon where we are in the investment cycle, what our utilization is. 
As you know, certainly as you look at the last few years, we've been  very heavily expanding in terms of fulfillment capacity because of the growth that  we've been experiencing. That certainly would put pressure on our overall cost structure,   certainly as a -- on a per unit basis because we're not getting the productivity. We don't get the full productivity for a number of years after expanding. 
So depending on what type of customer is,   whether it's a -- excuse me, whether it's a retail unit, a straight third-party unit,  or an FBA unit. But again, we're certainly attempting, at least on a product basis, to be roughly agnostic.

Answer_7:

    In terms of attach rates, it's not -- we haven't given a lot of detail. But  I think one thing certainly to look at, it doesn't give an attach rate, but  it gives you at least a sense of the health of the business, is the number that was in the release today.   We surely have a multi-billion dollar eBook business, growing approximately 70% year-over-year. That's total year, last year.  That's growing at that rate after a -- really just launching the business approximately five years ago. So  it's a pretty good, healthy growth rate,  five years in. 
 We're seeing good -- I can't give you specific numbers, but we're seeing very good progress on a number of our other digital media categories. Video, I talked about a little bit earlier. We're seeing Prime customers,   certainly the percentage of Prime customers who were watching free content through Prime Instant Video has gone up dramatically year-over-year. We've also increased Prime membership dramatically year-over-year. They are also purchasing paid content. 
  Those customers that are using the service, they watch free, but they are also paying for new content, which is great. We've launched a number of new services on the music side, most recently, certainly, our CD with free MP3, which we have on many titles. It's still very early, but we certainly like that service and pleased to offer it to customers. So I can't give you specific for attach rates, but  the business is making good progress on the video content side and again, it's still very early.

Answer_8:

    Sure. Just in terms of overall selection, as we added to  Prime, what I was talking about earlier in terms of having  a -- just a more expanded footprint is,  there's no question that's helping us add additional selection more economically to Prime.  So  that's both in terms of third-party selection as well as our retail selection.  So that's something that we  continue to have the benefit of as we get  more and more members of Prime and have a bigger and bigger concentration of  two-day shipping in the US for that. 
So we did add  the shipping portion of the FBA fees in Q1 of 2012 and we see some benefit year-over-year. But we're still seeing leverage in terms of our,   ex the FBA fees,   quite a bit of leverage there. So we don't have the specific number for you there, but  we're still seeing quite a bit of leverage there, ex that reclass that you're referring to.

Answer_9:

    If you take a look at our growth rate, we're -- we  think the growth rate for Q4 was solid. It was up 23% on a revenue basis, quite a bit higher than that on a unit growth basis, up 32% year-over-year. In terms of  some of the things that we saw,   we,  again, there's -- we saw solid growth across many different categories and geographies  year-over-year. 
Certainly, some things to call out in terms of things that may have been a little bit softer.   A few examples would be we did see some of the higher average selling price items,   particularly the items that are greater than $1,000, a little bit softer. A few of the  consumer electronics  sub-categories like  TVs, MP3 players, digital cameras,  to some extent,  were softer. But, again,   with the base that we have in Q4, still very solid growth. 
Another one,   we certainly were thrilled to have Paperwhite in our lineup.  It's certainly the best eReader that's out there and we're very pleased with it. But we couldn't keep up with demand. We would have had more sales in Q4 if we were able to keep up with the demand.  So the team is  working very hard to make sure we have good in-stock going forward on that product. But  we certainly could have sold more in Q4.

Answer_10:

    We'll continue to look at  -- continue to expand our selection, both in terms of Amazon  Instant Video as well as Prime Instant Video. We'll do that in a number of different ways.  We think we have a very interesting selection right now.  You should expect that we'll be spending more on content as it relates to Prime over time and we'll continue to add selection on Amazon Instant Video. Beyond that, you'll have to stay tuned.

Answer_11:

    In terms of the AWS business, we've --  the business is growing very fast. We've increased a number of services pretty dramatically over the past several years. The team's doing a fantastic job there and  we'll  continue to innovate on behalf of customers in that space. There's a number of other things that go into that line item, other. Some of the credit card, as well as other marketing  revenue goes in there,  so -- but again, AWS is in that line item.

Answer_12:

    Yes, there's not a particular callout that I can make on that. The only thing that I would,   in terms of the change I'm referring to, but in terms of the difference between the two,   keep in mind that a   couple factors, one, mix of business is a little bit different. Our AWS business is in the North America segment. 
You also have some newer geographies. Our geographies --  I shouldn't say that  are necessarily newer, but geographies  that we're investing in heavily that  have a longer-term horizon for returns, some of the ones I mentioned earlier. So those are  factors as you look at the two different segments.

Answer_13:

    Yes, I apologize. We're not -- we  haven't broken out the  first-party versus third-party.   It's not something we've done  for -- not something I'm doing today or we've done in previous calls, so there's not a lot I can help you with there.

Answer_14:

    That's correct.

Answer_15:

    There's not a lot I can specifically talk about as it relates to LivingSocial beyond what's in our results today and what we'll have in our 10-K, which will be filed  soon.  So I would encourage you to take a look at our full disclosures related to that. But in terms of Local, there certainly is still a very interesting opportunity there. We do have a couple -- we have an investment in LivingSocial. 
We also have a local business ourselves.  So  those are -- it's an interesting opportunity. It's a long-term opportunity and we'll continue to work on that -- for customers to make that experience even better.  You should think about it not unlike a lot of the other businesses that we invest in, with it [budding] over  long-term horizon and it's very early there.

Answer_16:

    Okay. Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

