
Good morning. Thanks to everybody on the phone. Thanks for those that are joining us on the webcast as well.
Welcome to the fourth-quarter earnings results presentation. Hopefully everyone's had a chance to review the earnings that we released. It's available on the Bank of America investor relations website.
And so before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul let me remind you we may make some forward-looking statements. For further information on those please refer to either our earnings release documents on our website or our SEC filings. So with that I will turn it over to our CEO, Brian Moynihan.

Thank you, Lee, and good morning. Thanks to all of you for joining us this morning to discuss our fourth-quarter results.
Before Paul Donofrio takes you through the details of the quarter I just wanted to provide some overall context on our progress in 2015 and the opportunities and challenges ahead. As you know for the fourth quarter we reported $3.3 billion in earnings or $0.28 per diluted share.
For 2015 we had net income of $15.9 billion. That's the highest net income we've had in a long time.
Full-year return metrics are 74 basis points for ROA and 9% for return on tangible common equity. During 2015 we continued to drive our eight lines of business forward. We focused on driving responsible growth across all our businesses and as you look at the annual earnings of the Company and see how they fell you can see how they came through.
Our consumer and wealth management business serving mass-market customers all the way to the wealthiest Americans delivered $9.3 billion net income this year. Our global banking business, which provides services to small, medium and large companies around the world, produced $5.3 billion in net income this year.
Our institutional investor clients, our markets business, with its market leading research capabilities and top-tier platform across the globe delivered $3 billion in earnings after adjusting for DVA in a very challenging market. What's clear in these earnings despite the gyrations in the markets especially at the end of the year last year is the annuity nature that we get from our franchise by driving customer and client flows. That's the power of the Company, its balance and its scope and its strong customer base.
We aim to continue to improve it every day for our clients and customers and our shareholders. These results reflect the work we've done over the past several years to develop a more straightforward simplified operating model and focus on responsible growth.
As you can see on slide 2 across a variety of measures, loan growth, business activity, capital, liquidity, credit losses and cost management, we've made meaningful progress and believe we're positioned for a variety of economic cycles. At the foundation of all of this is a strong capital liquidity base. We added to our record liquidity levels in 2015 and we believe we're well positioned against the 2017 LCR requirements with total global excess liquidity resources now over $500 billion.
This amount represents nearly a quarter of our balance sheet. We have enough parent liquidity to last more than three years before we need to tap the market for funding.
Now our liquidity levels were driven by strong growth in deposits this year. And we were able to put that funding to work to grow loans on an absolute basis for the first time in several years.
Loan growth was all driven by organic activity and consistent with our risk posture. Our tangible common equity of $162 billion is at record levels as well. We returned $4.5 billion to shareholders this year in common dividends and share repurchases.
Our tangible book value per share improved 8% in the past 12 months to a new high of $15.62. Our responsible lending focus also shows in our underwriting results. Our net charge-offs were down to $4.3 billion this year, consistent with 2014 but much lower than previous years.
Commercial charge-offs increased off a very low base, mostly from oil-related charge-offs, while consumer losses as a core continue to improve. This reflects both our responsible underwriting and continued improvement in our legacy portfolios.
Finally, we get to the cost management side. At the heart of our work has been improving expenses which you can see are down sequentially from last year, mostly on lower litigation costs but also on improved LAS and other operating costs.
These have improved steadily across the last several years. We began new BAC in 2011 and completed it in 2014. Since then we have been using our simplify and improve initiatives to find savings that more than offset increased compliance, merit and other inflationary cost.
But most importantly those savings fund investments in our business whether it's in technology, our salesforce growth or other infrastructure costs.
As we move to slide 3 we include a few examples of trends of business activity in our consumer side of the house and wealth management side of the house. As you can see we grew average deposits in consumer banking wealth management business $52 billion or 7% comparing year-over-year fourth-quarter periods.
These deposits were up over $105 billion in core deposits since the end of 2012. This is strong organic growth as a result of hard work and improving the customer satisfaction our franchise by making it easier for customers to do business with our bank and strong product management simplifying the product set. All this has been done, we've optimized our delivery network reducing our financial centers, divesting certain markets and also expanding our award-winning mobile capabilities and the customer base that uses that.
As you can see this work also extends to our wealth management business. We've had long-term net flows for every quarter for a 6.5 years in wealth management. We have record low levels and significant higher deposit levels.
Good products and advice, a growing sales force and two of the leading brands in the business position us well here. When you move to our global banking markets area you can see in the institutional side of the house set forth on slide 4 we saw solid activity in 2015. Loans to commercial and corporate clients around the globe have grown nicely.
Client demand has been good and our bankers have met our challenge to capture market share responsibly. This focus allows us to demonstrate a strong 12% growth in loans and global banking in the past 12 months. And you can see the deposit growth has been strong here over the last year as well.
If you look at the markets business Tom Montag and his team have done a good job reducing assets and lower their risk and still generating relatively stable revenue. Despite the recent market challenge we remain quite profitable in this business and well-positioned around the globe with both a strong FICC and equity platform.
As we step back we remain focused on our core customer strategy. We continue to invest in the future even as we continue to address the legacy issues of the past. We have been able to grow even as the operating and economic environment remains in a low growth mode.
Our model is solid but there is still plenty of work to do but also there's plenty of opportunity ahead for us. Overall I'm pleased with the progress we made in 2015 and we have more to do in 2016.
In 2016 you should expect us to continue to focus on responsible growth. We'll continue to drive the investments made in the franchise to deliver the value to you as shareholders. We'll continue our sharp focus on risk management and we'll continue our cost discipline as we look to continue to improve return on capital metrics of our Company.
With that let me hand it over to Paul.

Thanks, Brian, good morning everyone. Starting on slide 5 we present a summary of the income statement returns for this quarter as well as the fourth quarter of last year which had similar seasonal aspects.
We earned $3.3 billion in the quarter compared to earnings of $3.1 billion in 4Q 2014. Earnings per diluted share this quarter were $0.28, up 12% versus a year ago. Results include two significant charges that were previously announced and impacted EPS by $0.06.
First, we recorded a pretax charge of $612 million associated with trust preferred securities which phased out of Tier 2 capital at the end of 2015. Second, we had a tax charge of $290 million associated with the UK tax changes that were enacted during the quarter. Lastly, we had a few other items that benefited EPS this quarter by a penny on a net basis.
These included a negative net DVA impact in sales and trading that was more than offset by positive impacts of market-related adjustments in net interest income and some one-off tax benefits. Revenue on an FTE basis was $19.8 billion this quarter, up 4% from Q4 2014. Expenses were $13.9 billion, approximately $300 million or 2% lower than a year ago driven by good expense discipline across the Company.
We also provide returns of a few other metrics on this page. I would remind you that client activity and revenue in our global market segment tend to be lower or lowest in the fourth quarter, affecting returns and other statistics.
Lastly, as many of you are aware there was a recent accounting change that requires certain unrealized debit valuation adjustments to be recorded directly to OCI rather than through the P&L. We early adopted this change, effective as of the beginning of 2015. The slides and the supplemental earnings material that present 2015 results have been adjusted.
Turning to slide 6 and focusing on the balance sheet, we grew deposits by $35 billion from Q3 and we used these increased deposits to fund responsible loan growth. In total assets declined $9 billion as increases in loans and security balances of $30 billion were more than offset by reductions in trading-related assets and cash.
Liquidity rose to just over $500 billion, a record level and time to required funding remains over three years. Tangible common equity of $162 billion improved modestly from Q3 as earnings were offset by both the return of $1.3 billion in capital to common shareholders and negative OCI driven by security values. Tangible book value per share increased to $15.62, another new record high.
Turning to regulatory metrics, we began reporting regulatory capital under the advanced approaches for the first time this quarter. On a CET1 transition ratio under Basel III, ended the quarter at 10.2% and really has no comparable metric as transition ratios in prior periods were reported under the standardized approach with lower RWA levels.
On a fully phased-in basis, CET1 capital improved modestly to $154.1 billion. Under the advanced approaches compared to Q3 2015 pro forma estimate the CET1 ratio increased slightly to 9.8%. RWA was essentially flat as growth from commercial exposures was mostly offset by lower activity and balance sheet levels in our global market segment.
We also provide our capital metrics under the standardized approach. Here our CET1 ratio was flat at 10.8% with modest improvements in capital, offset by modest increase in RWA. In terms of the supplementary leverage ratios we estimate that as of 12/31 we continue to exceed US rules applicable beginning in 2018 at both parent and bank.
Turning to slide 7, we had strong loan and deposit growth this quarter. Recorded loans on an end-of-period basis increased $15 billion from Q3. This is the third consecutive quarter of recorded increases in total loan balances.
We continue to see solid loan demand in our primary lending businesses, partially offset by runoff in LAS and all other. Excluding declines in LAS and all other, ending loans in our primary lending segments increased $22 billion from Q3.
$8 billion of this increase was in consumer loans as GWIM increased mortgages and security-based lending. Consumer banking also saw good loan growth in mortgages as well as vehicle loans.
We also had some seasonal growth in credit card partially offset by selling $1.7 billion of card receivables at the end of the quarter. Commercial loans were $15 billion spread across multiple industry groups.
Turning to deposits on many basis they reached nearly $1.2 trillion this quarter, growing $78 billion, or 7% in Q4 2014. Growth was solid across the franchise. Consumer led the way, growing 9% year over year while both global banking and GWIM each grew at a 6% pace.
Turning to asset quality on slide 8, while still strong we did see net charge-offs increase modestly from recent levels. Total net charge-offs increased $212 million versus Q3. $144 million was from consumer items previously reserved for and lower recoveries on the sale of NPLs in the fourth quarter versus Q3.
We also saw a $73 million increase in net charge-offs from our energy portfolio. Outside of these two areas net charge-offs were stable compared to Q3. Provision of $810 million in Q4 was relatively flat with Q3.
Reserve releases in consumer real estate and credit card were partially offset by reserve builds in commercial which were driven by increases in criticized exposures as well as loan growth. Reserve releases excluding the previously reserved items I mentioned earlier were roughly $200 million.
On slide 9 we provide credit quality data on our consumer portfolio. Net charge-offs increased $137 million.
The two items of note that make up this increase were reserved for in prior periods and did not impact provision expense in the quarter. $119 million was the result of collateral valuation adjustments.
In addition we had some small charge-offs associated with our 2014 DOJ settlement. We expect to complete our commitments under this settlement in the first half of 2016.
Adjusting for these two items consumer net charge-offs were relatively flat versus Q3. Delinquency levels and NPLs continued to decline and reserve coverage remains strong.
Moving to the commercial side, on slide 10, net charge-offs increased $75 million primarily from losses in our energy portfolio. Outside of the energy portfolio, commercial losses remain very low.
Given the focus on the impacts of low oil prices on companies in the energy sector we want to spend a minute to describe our energy portfolio and provide some perspective. The pie chart breakdown our $21 billion of utilized exposure to the energy sector. This represents a little more than 2% of our total loan balances.
Within that $21 billion, $8.3 billion or less than 1% of total loans is loans to borrowers in two subsectors, exploration and production as well as oilfield services. We consider these two subsectors to have significantly higher risk than the rest of the energy portfolio.
Of our $8.3 billion utilized exposure to these two higher risk subsectors $2.9 billion has already been downgraded to criticized. So 35% of the higher risk subsectors has already been downgraded to reservable criticized exposure, thereby driving a portion of the reserves. And allowances for loan losses for the entire energy portfolio is approximately $500 million, or 6% of the funded exposure of these two subsectors.
Companies in the vertically integrated subsector represent $5.8 billion of the energy portfolio. We believe this subsector has a better ability to withstand lower oil prices. Nearly 100% of the companies have a market cap of $10 billion or more or they are sovereign owned and the average company has a market cap greater than $60 billion.
We believe the remaining exposure in refining and marketing as well as other is also less dependent on oil prices. As part of our standard risk management process we stress test our credit portfolios including our pension portfolio. Our stress analysis of the energy portfolio includes various sustained low oil prices over extended periods.
As an example, if we held oil prices at $30 per barrel for nine quarters we estimate our potential losses on the energy portfolio would be roughly $700 million. In energy and across our commercial sector we continue to support clients while managing lending limits and actively engaging with stressed borrowers.
Before moving from asset quality I want to refocus on total provision expense and how one should think about it over the next couple of quarters. As we continue to assess and react to future changes in the energy sector we could see lumpiness that could potentially drive provision expense over $900 million.
Turning to net interest income on slide 11, on an FTE basis NII was $10 billion increasing roughly $300 million from Q3. NII included a negative $612 million charge associated with three trust preferred securities. These securities were scheduled to be completely phased out of Tier 2 capital as of Jan 1 and with 7% to 8% coupons became expensive debt.
NII also included $116 million of positive market-related adjustments to the amortization of bond premiums under FAS 91. NII excluding market-led adjustments and the charge on the trust preferred improved $188 million from Q3 to $10.5 billion. This improvement was driven by increased deposit balances which we used to fund growth in loans and securities.
As we move into the first quarter, please note the following. First, we will have one less day of interest. Second, recent changes by Congress will lower the amount of dividends we receive from the FRB by approximately $50 million a quarter.
Having said that, if the forward curve is realized and if we have some modest deposit and loan growth we still expect to show some growth in NII in Q1 2016 relative to our adjusted NII of $10.5 billion.
With regard to asset sensitivity, at the end of the fourth quarter out overall asset sensitivity decreased slightly as a result of increases in long-end rates as well as security balances. As of 12/31 and instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in rates is estimated to increase NII by approximately $4.3 billion over the subsequent year. A little more than half of that improvement comes from the increases in short-end rates and a little less than one-quarter of the benefit comes from market-related adjustments.
Turning to expenses on slide 12 non-interest expense was $13.9 billion in Q4, $300 million lower than Q4 2014. This was driven by good expense discipline across the Company.
Litigation expense was a little higher this quarter at $428 million, exhibiting some lumpiness as we work to resolve legacy issues. Keep in mind that annual litigation expense decreased from $16.4 billion in 2014 to $1.2 billion in 2015. Legacy asset servicing costs excluding litigation finished Q4 a little better than our target of $800 million.
As we have said our net goal is $500 million per quarter. Expenses excluding litigation and LAS were $12.6 billion and represents the fifth quarter out of the past six below $12.8 billion. We continue to look for ways to streamline and simplify how we do business.
This is important because it allows us to invest in growth while maintaining relatively flat core expenses in a sluggish revenue environment. Importantly, this relative flatness continued even as we invested in additional sales professionals and improved technology.
Looking towards expenses in 2016 let me remind you in the first quarter we will record as normal approximately $1 billion in cost for retirement eligible incentives. In addition, the first quarter typically includes seasonally higher payroll taxes of roughly $300 million. And if we experience additional rebound in Q1 sales and trading revenue this would also increase incentives and other associated costs.
Turning to the business segments and starting with consumer banking on slide 13. Consumer earned $1.8 billion, 9% greater than Q4 last year. These results reflect good operating leverage on increased customer activity. The segment generated a strong 25% return on allocated capital.
Revenue of $7.8 billion was up modestly from Q4 2014. Net interest income benefited from higher deposit and loan levels. Non-interest income was down slightly from lower mortgage banking.
The decline in mortgage revenue reflects selling fewer nonperforming loans as we hold more on our balance sheet, in addition with the absence of $30 million in quarterly revenue from the Q3 sale of the small noncore appraisal business. Expenses declined 2% from Q4 2014 as the savings from reduction in financial centers and personnel more than offset higher product cost and investment in increased sales specialists.
The cost of operating deposit franchise remains low at 177 basis points. Operating leverage drove improvements in the efficiency ratio to 56% as we continue to experience shifts in customer activity away from branches towards self-serve options. Mobile banking users increased to 18.7 million which is up 13% from Q4 2014 and deposit transactions from these devices now represent 15% of deposit transactions.
Slide 14 presents consumers progress across a number of customer activities. I would highlight activities in three areas: loans, deposits and brokerage assets where we continue to grow responsibly. These three products are at the core of our rewards program where we share benefits with customers who deepen relationships with us.
Average loans grew $12 billion from Q4 2014 in mortgages and vehicle lending. Ending deposit growth was strong at $48 million or 9% from Q4 while the rate paid decline to 4 basis points.
Regarding brokerage assets, Merrill Edge asset levels of $123 billion are up 8% from last year even with declines in equity markets this year. Total mortgage production was up 13% from Q4 last year and stable with Q3. Looking at card activity which includes GWIM card issuance was strong at 1.3 million.
Average US card balances of $89 billion were down modestly from last year but up seasonally from Q3 2015. US card credit quality was strong as net charge-offs remained at decade-low levels of 2.5% with a risk-adjusted margin of 9.4%. Credit spending volumes finished on a high note as Q4 spending was 5% higher than last year, outpacing what we believe to be total market spend levels.
Debit spending was strong as well. For example, on Christmas Eve day we saw record debit card spending of more than $1 billion.
In our consumer segment we expect technology adoption by customers to continue to be a cornerstone of not only improved customer satisfaction but also efficiency gains and operating leverage. The latest examples of this are around digital selling and appointment setting.
Digital sales in the fourth quarter were up more than 31% from last year. Digital appointments reached more than 16,000 in a recent week. We expect these adoption trends to play an increasing role in future performance and customer satisfaction as we continue to advance online and mobile capabilities.
Turning to slide 15, global wealth and investment management produced earnings of $614 million. Results were down from Q4 last year driven by lower transactional revenue and the impact of the market decline on asset management fees. Transactional revenue continues to be impacted by the shifting of activity from brokerage to managed relationships as well as market uncertainty.
NII benefit followed loan growth and solid deposit growth but was offset by the Company's ALM activities, leaving NII relatively flat with Q4 2014. Non-interest expense was modestly higher than the year-ago period. Investment in client facing professionals continues while lower revenue caused a decline in incentive compensation that was more than offset by amortization of stock awards issued in prior periods.
Pretax margin was 21%, down from Q4 2014. Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, we will benefit from lower expense resulting from the completion of amortization related to advisor retention awards given at the time of the Merrill Lynch merger.
Moving to slide 16, despite the volatility in market levels we continue to see solid client activity and we continue to invest in the business growing wealth advisors 5% from Q4 last year. Long-term AUM flows were $7 billion and remain positive for the 26th consecutive quarter. Deposit flows were strong growing end-of-period balances $15 billion from Q3.
By the way, this may have been driven in part by client concerns with market volatility. Loans continue to grow, improving 10% from last year. This is the 23rd consecutive quarter of average loan growth in this segment.
Turning to slide 17, global banking earned $1.4 million, down 9% from Q4 2014 but still generating a 60% return on allocated capital. The earnings decline from Q4 was driven by higher provision expense. Provision expense was up $264 million from Q4 last year driven by higher energy-related charge-offs and reserve build to loan growth and energy-related risk.
Revenue increased modestly from Q4 2014 while expense declined modestly. Driven by higher loan balances NII improved despite spread compression and the allocation of the Company's ALM activities including higher liquidity cost. Non-interest income benefited from higher treasury services revenue, higher leasing revenue and a small gain from the sale of a foreclosed property, partially offset by lower IB fees.
Looking at trends on slide 18, in comparing to Q4 2014 IB fees of $1.3 billion were down 17% as leveraged finance and equity issuance was partially offset by advisory fees that were at second-highest level since the Merrill merger. From a marketshare perspective we maintained our number three global fee ranking.
Looking at the balance sheet loans on average were $320 billion, up 12% year over year. The growth was broad-based across C&I, real estate and leasing. We continue to experience some spread compression although it has moderated relative to a year ago.
Asset quality of new loans was consistent with the overall portfolio. On deposits we saw good performance with average deposits increasing by $16 billion or 5% over Q4 2014. The mix of these deposits remains very good with less than 5% classified as 100% runoff balances.
Switching to global markets on slide 19 and comparing to Q4 last year we are pleased with the results here given challenging market conditions as the teams increase revenue while using lower asset levels and less VAR. Global markets earned approximately $200 million but we think one should consider results excluding DVA. On that basis adjusted earnings were $308 million which was relatively flat to Q4 2014 on the similarly adjusted basis.
Note that our net deviated loss this quarter was $198 and compared to a loss of $626 million in Q4 2014 which included an initial FTE adjustment. Total revenue excluding DVA improved $313 million, or 10% from the fourth quarter last year on improved FICC sales and trading.
Outside of sales and trading global market share of lower investment banking fees was offset by a gain on the sale of an equity investment. Non-interest expense increased 9% in line with revenue improvement.
Moving to trends on the next slide and focusing on the components of our sales and trading performance, sales and trading revenue up $2.6 billion excluding net DVA was up 11.5% in Q4 2014. Compared to Q4 last year FICC sales and trading of $1.8 billion improved 20%, reflecting improvements across most products notably in rates and credit-related products.
Equity trading of $882 million declined 3%, reflecting lower client activity. Average trading-related asset levels were down 9% in Q4 2014 while VAR was down 14%.
Turning to legacy assets and servicing on slide 21, this segment lost roughly $350 million in line with the prior year. Focus areas here are mortgage banking income, the number of delinquent loans and expenses all compared to Q4 2014.
First, mortgage banking income which improved slightly was driven by three factors. Rep and warranty provisioning improved $237 million to a provision of $9 million this quarter. That favorability was offset by a decline in servicing fees of $108 million as the units serviced declined as well as a decline in net MSR hedge performance of $152 million.
Next, the number of first mortgage loans that we service that are 60 days delinquent continued to decline and are now at 103,000 units. And last, the team did an excellent job lowering expenses. Excluding litigation we achieved our goal of $800 million, moving costs down $309 million or 28%.
On slide 22 we show all other which reported a loss of $289 million. This was an improvement of $86 million from Q4 2014. This loss was driven by the $612 million pretax charge associated with our trust preferred as well as the impact on the UK tax law changes.
This was partially offset by gains on debt security sales as well as reserve releases on consumer real estate loans booked in all other.
A comment or two on taxes before wrapping up. The Company's effective tax rate for the quarter excluding the UK tax charge was 25%, reflecting reoccurring tax benefits plus a few small one-off benefits. We would expect the tax rate to be in the low 30s for 2016 excluding unusual items.
Before closing I want to cover our early adoption of DVA accounting in more detail. In January of this year the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an update to allow early adoption of a new rule regarding recognition of DVA on financial liabilities from changes in our own credit spreads.
The update means these types of debit valuation adjustments will now flow through OCI instead of the income statement. We believe this change makes our earnings comparisons more meaningful and easier to understand, therefore we adopted early.
We restated all prior years, excuse me, we restated all propose this year per the FASB rules and those numbers are contained in the supplemental package. This has no impact on capital as it moved dollars between retained earnings and OCI but it did impact revenue earnings taxes and EPS in the first three quarters of 2015.
The changes reduced previously reported EPS by approximately $0.02 each in Q1, Q2 and Q3. This accounting standard adoption did not impact DVA on derivatives which continued to flow through trading account profits.
Okay, let me conclude by offering a few takeaways. Although the US economy is improving slowly revenue growth remains challenging. This quarter we continued our progress on those things we can control and drive.
These include delivering for clients and customers within our risk framework and driving client and customer activity that will result in sustainable profits and returns. Our results reflect this focus. We maintained a strong foundation of capital and liquidity.
We grew loans, deposits and investment flows. We continue to invest in our franchise by adding sales professionals and improved technology. Our strength, global capability and experience allowed us to deliver for clients in a challenging market environment.
And we did all this while closely managing expenses. With that we will open it up to Q&A.