
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Facebook's fourth-quarter and full-year 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me today to discuss our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO, Sheryl Sandberg, COO, and Dave Wehner, CFO. 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release, our annual report on Form 10-K, and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investor.SB.com. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, Deborah. And, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Overall, Q4 was a strong quarter and a great end to the year. More than 1.59 billion people now use Facebook each month and 1.04 billion every day. Our growth of nearly 200 million people monthly and 148 million people daily this year. More than 1.44 billion people use Facebook on mobile devices. 
And, when it comes to our business, we're also pleased with our continued growth. Total revenue grew by 52% year-over-year to more than $5.8 billion, and advertising revenues grew by 57% to reach more than $5.6 billion. But, it's important to consider not just our business results, but also how we're improving the lives of people and communities around the world. 
Next week, Facebook celebrates its 12th birthday, and as I think about our progress and where we go from here, I have reflected on the diverse global moments that Facebook was involved in in 2015. More than 950 million people received a notification that a friend or a loved one was safe in a crisis. Millions of people supported the people of Nepal after the earthquake and the people of France after the Paris attacks. More than 8 million people used 35,000 groups and pages on Facebook to support refugees. And, people from all over the world connected around moments from Star Wars to the US presidential election, from the Indian super league to the Cricket World Cup. 
Seeing our global community connecting in all of these ways shows the opportunities ahead as we connect the world, but also the challenges. Even as the world has tended towards greater openness over time, in many communities we also see greater fear over what a connected world and more technological progress means for them. 
Addressing these concerns is essential for making progress on our mission, and we're going to keep working to give as much voice as we can and advance the benefits of connectivity and bringing the world together. In 2016 and beyond, we're going to continue doing that by serving our community, working to bring connectivity to billions of the people who are not yet connected, and building new technologies that give people more ways to express themselves. 
Now, let's talk about how we've continued working to do that, and let's start with how we're improving our existing products and businesses. Our strategy here is to deliver better, more engaging experiences for our community and to give people better tools for sharing different types of content with the different groups of people that they care about. 
Video is an important part of the Facebook experience and continuing to invest here is important for allowing people to share and consume some of the most engaging content. We've continued to make progress, and now 100 million hours of video are watched daily on Facebook. We've been testing new experiences, like suggested videos, which enables people to discover more videos they might be interested in. We're also exploring ways to give people a dedicated place on Facebook for when they just want to watch videos. 
With other parts of our core, we've continued to focus on improving the performance and quality of our products to better serve different communities on Facebook. And, these efforts are paying off with growth and engagement for different products reaching an impressive scale. 
Now, more than 500 million people use events each month, and more than 123 million events were created on Facebook in 2015. For the first time, more than 1 billion people used groups in a single month on Facebook. It's inspiring to see all the different communities using groups from the small family and classroom and church groups, to the large ones, like the running challenge group that I started a few weeks ago that now has about 100,000 members. 
To serve our entire global community, we're optimizing our services for people in developing countries. We've improved Facebook Light to offer a better experience in low bandwidth environments, improving load times, and adding features like video. More than 80 million people now use Facebook Light as of December. 
And, when it comes to serving businesses, we've continued to focus on creating better ads and tools for our more than 2.5 million active advertisers. More than 50 million small businesses now use pages on Facebook, and people post more than 2.5 billion comments on these pages each month. This is a good example of how the strength and engagement of our community is making Facebook more valuable for businesses every day. And, Sheryl is going to talk more about this in a minute. 
Next, let's talk about how we're building our next generation of services. With Instagram, we've continued to drive the shift towards more visual content online. The community continues to grow, and back in September, we announced a new milestone of 400 million monthly actives. 
Over the last year as the community has grown, we've focused on building engaging new experiences for the community, including by improving search and by introducing trending content. We've also worked to develop new experiences to give people more options for creating and sharing different types of content. In March, we launched the layout app, allowing people to easily combine images. In October, the team also launched Boomerang, an app for making looping videos which reached number one in the app store in more than 70 countries. 
We also introduced a new video channel on Instagram for people to watch moments from big events, like New Year's or the college football championship as they happen. With messenger and WhatsApp, we've continued to make progress with building these into valuable communication services for everyone in the world. 
More than 800 million people now use messenger monthly. In 2015, we grew that number by almost 0.25 billion, while also increasing engagement. We continued to give people new ways to communicate by introducing video calling and new options for customizing conversations with fun things like colors and emojis and by using apps through the messenger platform. 
We also worked to expand messenger's utility by adding payments, a new way to connect with businesses, and by testing M, a digital assistant powered by AI. In this quarter, we also began testing a transportation platform allowing people to request an Uber ride through messenger. More services will be coming to the platform soon, including airlines. 
WhatsApp ended the year with nearly one billion monthly actives. As WhatsApp has grown, we've worked to keep it fast, simple, and reliable. And, we've seen many communities come to depend on this as their main communication service. 
To serve these communities well, this month we announced that WhatsApp will now be free to everyone, and we will no longer charge the subscription fees that many people were charged after their first year. We think this is an important step towards creating an even more ubiquitous product without affecting our plans for building WhatsApp into an important business in the coming years. Later this year, we'll be testing new ways for people to use WhatsApp to communicate with businesses and organizations that they want to hear from. 
Finally, let's talk about our work on new breakthrough technologies that can help connect more people to the Internet and create transformative new experiences. In 2015, we made significant progress on our efforts to connect more people to the Internet. We've launched the first trials of express Wi-Fi, a product designed to help entrepreneurs bring their communities online. We launched free basics in 33 more countries. And, we've now connected 19 million people. 
This year, we expect to hold our first test flight of Aquila, our First Solar-powered aircraft designed to beam internet into communities from the sky. We're also working on new advances in lasers that can transfer large amounts of data faster and more efficiently than anything today. 
With our work in AI, we continue to make progress towards a new generation of computers that can see and understand. Over the last year, we've published dozens of research papers including some of the leading work on image recognition and language understanding. 
To drive the entire AI community forward, we've also opened source software and a lot of new AI hardware platforms. Achieving the scientific breakthroughs to build AI that makes a dramatic, visible difference in people's lives -- it's going to take a long time. But, already, we're seeing opportunities to serve our community. 
We recently built a prototype AI system that combines language and vision comprehension, so you can show it an image that it's never seen before and it can answer questions about that image. And, we've even used AI to help blind people experience their friends' photos and newsfeed by describing the scenes. 
With virtual reality, we've reached some important milestones. The Samsung gear VR shipped over the holidays with our Oculus software, and we're pleased with the initial reaction. 
This month, we also opened pre-orders for Oculus headsets. This will be the world's best VR experience, and we're excited to begin shipping to people in more than 20 countries before the end of March. More than 100 VR games and experiences are coming to Oculus this year. And, later this year, we'll also be shipping our Oculus touch controllers to get your hands into virtual reality. These controllers will enhance the VR experience and allow people to communicate more naturally in VR through intuitive hand movements and gestures. 
This Oculus launch is shaping up to be a big moment for the gaming community. But over the long term, VR has the potential to change the way that we live, work, and communicate as well. The launch is an important step towards the future, and we're really looking forward to seeing how people use it. 
So, that's how we've continued to make progress on our strategy. It's been a strong quarter, and we ended 2015 with a great foundation for our efforts going into 2016. Our strategy is working, and we have many more opportunities ahead. So, we're going to continue investing to deliver more great results over the long term. 
On a more personal note, over the last few months with the new addition in my family, I've been reflecting a lot on the legacy that we want to pass on to the next generation. I'm excited about our progress and the chance to build something great for the future. If we continue to focus on solving the fundamental challenges facing the world and bringing the world closer together, we can leave a better world for the whole next generation. And, that's what I think about every day as we continue building Facebook. I want to thank everyone in our community, our employees, our shareholders, our partners who are helping us on this journey. Thanks. And, here's Sheryl. 

Thanks, Mark, and hi, everyone. We had a terrific fourth quarter capping off a great 2015. Q4 ad revenue grew 57%, or 66% on a constant currency basis. Mobile ad revenue reached $4.5 billion, up 81% year-over-year, and is now 80% of total ad revenue. 
Facebook and Instagram drive business results for our partners, helping move products off shelves, online and off. As a result, we're growing spend from our current clients and attracting new marketers to our platform. 
We saw strong growth across all verticals, marketer segments, and regions. We're also pleased with the growth we're seeing in emerging markets in countries like China, where businesses are advertising on Facebook and Instagram to reach people internationally. 
We continue to make progress on our three priorities. Capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers using our ad products, and making our ads more relevant and effective. 
First, capitalizing on the shift to mobile. Heading into 2016, it's clear that consumers have shifted to mobile, and businesses know they need to catch up. Marketers now realize that if they want to reach their customers where they are, mobile is essential. Our conversations with clients have shifted from if they should market on mobile to how. 
With over 1.44 billion people using Facebook on mobile monthly and over 400 million monthly actives on Instagram, Facebook and Instagram have become the two most important mobile advertising platforms. We provide a creative canvas powered by technology, a unique combination of art and science that marketers can use to deliver great creative with the highest quality targeting at unparalleled scale. 
The 2015 holiday season was a defining moment for mobile marketing and demonstrated the power of our mobile platform. According to comScore, total US consumer spending on mobile in November and December was up 59% year-over-year. This holiday season, marketers turned to mobile more than ever before. 
To reach a large global audience for the launch of Halo 5, Microsoft Xbox used video optimized for Facebook and Instagram. Working with their agencies and power media team from Dentsu Aegis network, Eisenberg group, and 215 McCann, they understood that people watch video differently in mobile newsfeed than on TV, so they created videos to capture audience attention in the first 3 seconds even without sound. They drove over 380 million impressions and 49 million video views in key markets and increased purchase intent by 10 points in the US. 
Our second priority is growing the number of marketers using our ad products. Last quarter, we announced that we had over 2.5 million active advertisers, and since then, our growth has remained strong. This represents a small fraction of the over 50 million small businesses now actively using pages. So, we see a big opportunity to continue to grow the number of Facebook advertisers going forward. 
We're also very pleased with the growth in advertiser adoption of Instagram, and the positive results advertisers are seeing from their investments. 98 of the top 100 advertisers on Facebook also advertised on Instagram in Q4.  
Our third priority is improving the relevance and effectiveness of our ads.  We shipped a lot of new ad products this past year. These products help deliver personalized marketing at scale and drive business for our clients. 
Leading up to Black Friday, Shop Direct, the UK's second largest online retailer, teased upcoming sales with a cinemagraph video to build awareness. They then retargeted people who saw the video with one-day-only deals. On Black Friday, they used our carousel and DPA ads to promote products people had shown interest in. They saw a 20 times return on ad spend from this campaign, helping them achieve their biggest Black Friday and their most successful sales day ever. 
To share just a few other product examples -- in emerging markets, we launched slide show, a video-like ad experience that works with lower connection speeds and feature [phones]. We introduced local awareness ads globally to help brick-and-mortar businesses reach people near their stores and started testing canvas ads to help marketers showcase their products in a more immersive way. We continue to invest in ad tech and are especially pleased with the growth of audience network.  
Measurement also remains a critical area of focus.  Our measurement tools like conversion lift and the Facebook pixel prove to marketers that we're driving business results and help make our ads more relevant. This year, we saw more advertisers shift from proxy metrics like clicks to business results, like digital and in-store sales. 
Our results show that the investments we've made over the past few years are paying off, and we see a lot of exciting opportunities ahead. We know we still have a lot of hard work to do and heading into the new year, we will remain very focused on our top three priorities. 
I want to take this opportunity to thank our clients around the world for their partnership. Your investment and feedback is critical to making our products better. I also really want to thank the global Facebook teams for your extraordinary dedication to our partners' success. Your hard work and execution is critical to helping us to sell our mission. Thanks, everyone. And, now, here's Dave. 

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. Q4 was a strong quarter and wrapped up a phenomenal year for Facebook. Full-year 2015 revenue was $17.9 billion, up 44% year-over-year, or 53% on a constant currency basis. In 2015, we generated over $6 billion in free cash flow, including $2.1 billion in Q4, while continuing to fund important investments for the future growth of the business. 
The strong growth and engagement of our community was a consistent theme throughout 2015 and that continued in the fourth quarter. In December, 1.04 billion people used Facebook on an average day, an increase of 17% compared to last year. This daily number represented 65% of the 1.59 billion people who visited Facebook during the month of December. 
Mobile continued to drive the growth of our community. In December, 1.44 billion people accessed Facebook on mobile devices, an increase of 21% compared to last year. And, 90% of the people who used Facebook on both a monthly and daily basis accessed us via mobile devices. 
Now, turning to the financials.  All of our comparisons are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted. Additionally, our non-GAAP measures exclude stock-based compensation and the amortization of intangibles. 
In Q4, total revenue was $5.8 billion, up 52%, or 60% on a constant currency basis. Q4 ad revenue was $5.6 billion, up over $2 billion from last year. Year-over-year growth was 57%, or 66% on a constant currency basis. 
The strengthening of the US dollar continued to have an unfavorable impact on our revenue in the fourth quarter. Had exchange rates remained constant with Q4 2014 levels, our total revenue would have been approximately $320 million higher. 
US and Canada and Asia-Pacific continued to be our two strongest regions, with ad revenue growth of 64% and 57%, respectively. Our rest of world and Europe regions grew at 53% and 45%, respectively, as they were more heavily impacted by currency headwinds. 
Mobile ad revenue was $4.5 billion, up 81% from last year, and represented 80% of our advertising revenue. For perspective, three years ago, the mobile percentage was just over 20%. 
Q4 capped off a remarkably successful year for our mobile advertising business, where we were able to combine strong growth in ad inventory supply with strong growth in advertiser demand. On the supply side, we grew the number of people using Facebook on mobile, time spent, and ad load. Our ongoing focus on ad quality and relevance enabled us to deliver a better overall mobile ads experience for our users while increasing the number of ads that they see. In Q4, we also benefited to a lesser extent from increases in ad inventory from Instagram and the audience network. 
On the demand side, we believe our efforts on targeting and measurement solution enabled marketers to achieve better business results at better values. This helped us drive strong growth from a broad array of advertisers, including direct response in brand advertisers, large companies and SMBs, and both existing and new advertisers. 
Turning now to the overall price [volume metrics].  In Q4, the average price per ad increased 21%, while total ad impressions increased 29% on a year-over-year basis. It's worth noting that this was the first quarter since Q3 2013 that total ad impressions increased on a year-over-year basis. This was driven by an increase in mobile ad impressions and was partially offset by a decline in ad impressions delivered on personal computers, consistent with the ongoing declines in PC usage. 
The reported increase in price is being driven by the continued mix shift towards mobile, which contains higher-priced newsfeed ads, rather than the mix we have on PCs, of both newsfeed ads and lower-priced right-hand column ads. Total payments and other fees revenue was $204 million, down 21% compared to last year. The decline was driven by a reduction in payments revenue related to games played on personal computers. 
Turning now to expenses.  Q4 total GAAP expenses were $3.3 billion, up 21%, and non-GAAP expenses were $2.3 billion, up 42%. Our year-over-year GAAP expense growth rates slowed this quarter, as we lapped the introduction of stock-based compensation charges associated with the WhatsApp transaction. Non-GAAP expenses were driven by increases in head count-related costs, cost of revenue, and marketing expenses. We ended the year with nearly 12,700 employees, up 38% compared to last year. 
Our GAAP operating margin was -- I'm sorry. GAAP operating income was approximately $2.6 billion, representing a 44% operating margin. Our non-GAAP operating income was $3.5 billion, representing a 60% operating margin. Our Q4 GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were 39% and 36%, respectively. 
Our Q4 GAAP net income was approximately $1.6 billion, or $0.54 per share, and our non-GAAP net income was $2.3 billion, or $0.79 per share. In the full-year 2015, capital expenditures were $2.5 billion, as we continued to invest in servers, data centers, network infrastructure, and office facilities to support the rapid growth of the business. We ended the year with over $18.4 billion in cash and investments. 
Turning now to the outlook.  First, some color on revenue. We expect the factors that drove the strong growth of our advertising business in 2015 will continue into 2016. However, we expect to continue to face foreign exchange headwinds, especially early in the year, as we will be lapping periods where the dollar was relatively weaker than it is today. 
More importantly -- sorry. More broadly, the overall macro environment introduces a level of uncertainty around global growth and exchange rates that could impact our business in 2016. And, we do expect to face tougher comparables as the year progresses, given the remarkably strong advertising performance in 2015. 
Turning now to expense guidance.  2016 will be another significant investment year for Facebook. In 2015, we continued investing heavily in the core. At the same time, we doubled our investment levels in our next generation services, which includes WhatsApp, Instagram, and messenger, and we tripled our investment levels in our long-term areas of focus, which includes our connectivity efforts, Oculus, and our AI investments. We will continue investing significantly in all of these areas in 2016. 
We expect the year-over-year growth rate for full-year 2016 total GAAP expenses to be approximately 30% to 40%, and for full-year 2016 total non-GAAP expenses to be approximately 45% to 55%. Note these ranges represent total operating expenses, including cost of revenue. These ranges also include the cost of revenue impact of the expected shipments of Oculus Rift that we expect that impact to be immaterial to our overall total expenses for the year. 
We anticipate our 2016 capital expenditures will be in the range of $4 billion to $4.5 billion. We recently announced that we will begin building a new data center in Clonee, Ireland, and that project is on top of the new data center being built in Fort Worth, Texas. We expect our 2016 stock-based compensation to be in the range of $3.1 billion to $3.3 billion, approximately 50% of which is related to our prior acquisitions, most notably WhatsApp. We expect 2016 amortization expenses to be approximately $700 million to $800 million. 
And, lastly, we anticipate that our Q1 and full-year 2016 GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates to be in the low 30% on a percentage basis, down from our 2015 rates. We expect our tax rates will decline further over time and resemble those of our global peers over the next several years. In addition, in 2016, we expect for the first time to pay a significant amount of US income tax on a cash basis. 
To conclude, 2015 was an outstanding year for Facebook. Our performance reflects the strong growth and engagement of our community, the momentum we're seeing in our ads business, and the significant progress we're making on our mission to connect the world. With that, Chris, we would like to open up the call for questions.