
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's third-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and Dave Wehner, CFO. 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website, at investor.FB.com. 
And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, Deborah. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. 
This was another good quarter, and we continue to grow the size and engagement of our community. 1.55 billion people now use Facebook every month. And more than 1 billion people use Facebook every day. On mobile, we continue to have a lot of momentum. 1.39 billion people now use Facebook on mobile devices, including more than 1 billion on Android. 50 million people also use Facebook Lite, our app for people on low bandwidth connections and one of our fastest-growing interfaces. This is a great sign for how our mobile strategy continues to make progress across markets, devices, and platforms. 
When it comes to our business, we're also pleased with our results. This quarter, total revenue reached $4.5 billion and advertising revenue grew by 45% from a year ago. We've already accomplished a lot this year, and these results show how we're getting stronger as a community and as a business. But we want to serve the entire global community, not just the people who are on Facebook today. Connecting everyone is one of the fundamental challenges of our time; and to achieve this, we need to continue innovating faster and investing for the long term. That means continuing to invest in our core products and services, as well as technologies and strategies that allow us to achieve a truly global reach over time. 
Let's talk about how we're doing this. And let's start with how we're improving our core products to better serve our existing communities and businesses. This quarter, we introduced some big updates on Facebook to give people more options for expressing themselves. We began rolling out an improved mobile profile design, including the ability to add a profile video instead of just a photo. We also started testing Reactions, a new version of the Like button that provides more ways of expressing love, awe, and sympathy. We think this going to provide a much more engaging experience. 
Another way we're working to improve people's experiences on Facebook is by helping them to share many different types of content with different groups of people they care about. One example is our progress with Groups on Facebook. More than 925 million people now use Groups each month; and in some countries, more than half of the population is participating. From a youth organization in Chicago to aid workers dealing with the refugee crisis in Europe, we've seen many inspiring examples of people using Groups to collaborate. 
Video is another area where we continue to make progress. On average, there are now more than 8 billion daily video views on Facebook and more than 500 million people who are watching daily. To offer even more engaging video experiences, we've added live video to our Mentions app for public figures and we now support interactive 360 videos and news feed. We've also rolled out new video tools for Pages and begun testing a dedicated video section on Facebook. Over the next few years, video is going to be some of the most engaging content online. And by continuing to innovate here, we have a chance to build the best place to watch and share videos. 
When it comes to serving businesses, we continue to create a lot of value. We now have more than 2.5 million active advertisers on Facebook, and more than 45 million small- and medium-sized businesses actively using Facebook pages. This quarter, we continued to focus on helping marketers achieve results while using our ad products, including video and carousel ads, as well as on Instagram. And, as usual, Sheryl can talk more about this in a moment. 
Now let's talk about how we're working to develop our next generation of apps and services. For Instagram, this was a busy quarter. The community celebrated its five-year anniversary and reached a new milestone of 400 million monthly actives. More than 80 million photos are now shared on Instagram every day; and the pace of adoption among public figures, organizations, and people around the world continues to grow really well. When President Obama visited Alaska in September, he used Instagram to document his trip.  And this is a great example of how Instagram is changing the way that people see the world. 
With our efforts in messaging, we're also making progress at building WhatsApp and Messenger both into great platforms with global scale. Last quarter, WhatsApp reached 900 million monthly actives and continues to be on a path to reach 1 billion people and beyond. Messenger has over 700 million monthly actives and we continue to focus on improving the core messaging experience. A good sign of our progress is the more than 9.5 billion photos now sent monthly on Messenger. We're also building many different tools that can offer useful experiences to people beyond just traditional messaging. One example is M, a digital assistant we introduced this quarter that, over time, will use AI to help people complete tasks. 
Finally, let's talk about some of our longer-term efforts in innovation to help connect the world. With Internet.org, we have a lot of momentum. We've now rolled out free basic internet services to people in 29 countries and overall brought more than 15 million people online. As we've rolled out the program, we've made a number of improvements based on feedback from communities and partners, including opening up our platform for free basic services to all developers who want to build. Meanwhile, our work on new technologies to connect people in the most remote regions continues to make progress. This quarter we revealed Aquila, our first aircraft designed to beam internet into communities down from the sky. And we also announced a partnership to bring internet to large parts of Sub-Saharan Africa, using a satellite which is launching next year. 
And with Oculus, we're in a great position to begin delivering a new generation of shared immersive  experiences. We plan to ship the Rift headset early next year; and Gear VR, our mobile product with Samsung, is going to have its first consumer release this holiday season, retailing for $99. And we also announced new partnerships with Minecraft, Netflix, and Twitch, and many other content partners. Virtual reality has the potential to be next computing platform that changes all of our lives. It's important also to recognize that this is going to grow slowly, like computers and mobile phones when they first arrived. So we're committed to Oculus and virtual reality for the long term. 
So that's how we've continued to make progress on our strategy this quarter. The results we've achieved show that our investments are creating a lot of value for our community and the world. I just want to thank the entire Facebook community -- our employees, our partners and our shareholders -- for helping us to continue moving forward. We've done a lot, but there's always more to do. 
And now I'm going to hand it off to Sheryl. 

Thanks, Mark, and hello, everyone. 
We had an excellent third quarter. Results were strong across the board. Ad revenue grew 45% year over year, or 57% on a constant currency basis. Mobile ad revenue was $3.4 billion and grew 73% year over year. Mobile now makes up 78% of our total advertising revenue. Our business grew across all regions and marketer segments. Like last quarter, we saw especially strong growth in our North America and Asia-Pacific regions. Overall, we're really pleased with marketer adoption of our ad products around the world. 
Our results show that we continue to make progress on our three priorities: capitalizing on the shift to mobile; growing the number of marketers using our ad products; and making our ads more relevant and effective. First, capitalizing on the shift to mobile. People have already shifted to mobile and this shift is driving engagement on Facebook. The average American adult spends 25% of their media time on mobile, and Facebook and Instagram together continue to account for over 1 in 5 minutes on mobile in the US. Businesses are lagging behind consumers in making this shift to mobile and we believe we're well-positioned to help them catch up. Facebook pages are already the mobile solution for millions of businesses. Pages now offer better messaging capabilities, call to action buttons, and new sections that enable businesses to highlight important information. 
We're also capitalizing on the shift to mobile by expanding ads on Instagram. This quarter on Instagram, we introduced new ad formats and objectives, opened up our API, and launched self-serve ad capabilities.  Instagram ads are now available in all countries where we offer Facebook ads, and marketers can manage campaigns across both platforms with the same targeting. We're really pleased with the marketer demand for Instagram ads. 
Our second priority is growing the number of marketers using our ad products. In September at Ad Week, we announced that we have over 2.5 million active advertisers on Facebook.  With more than 45 million active SMB pages on Facebook, we think there's a lot of opportunity to turn even more of these businesses into a marketers. Marketers come to Facebook and Instagram because we have the best performing mobile ad products, and video is making them even better. Marketers have always loved using videos to tell stories. 
As Mark discussed, video is a natural and growing part of our mobile news feed experience. Video on Facebook gives marketers not just mass reach, but better cross-device targeting and measurement than we believe is available on any other platform. We're especially pleased with the breadth of marketers using video on Facebook, from brands to direct response to SMBs. Over 1.5 million small businesses posted video, which includes organic video posts and video ads on Facebook in the month of September alone. 
Video ads complement TV ads. According to a recent study with Nielsen Research, marketers using Facebook ads with TV ads saw  higher reach, ad recall, brand linkage, and likeability. To share one example, GMC used video and other ads on Facebook to extend the reach of their TV brand campaign highlighting their premium trucks and SUVs. The Facebook campaign drove a 13 point lift in ad recall and a 6 point lift in brand favorability. We recently introduced Target Rating Point, TRP buying, so that marketers can plan, buy, and measure video ads on Facebook the same way they do on TV. We're pleased with the feedback we're receiving on this from marketers and agencies. 
Our third priority is making our ads more relevant and effective. We know relevant ads are more engaging for people and therefore drive better results for businesses. Products like carousel ads and dynamic product ads help improve effectiveness for marketers. Carousel ads show multiple images, and now videos, and drive 30% to 50% lower cost per conversion than single-image link ads. Dynamic product ads, which allow marketers to upload their product catalog, are driving ROI comparable to search. For example, Marriott uses DPA to retarget travelers based on their travel search habits, and they are now scaling globally across their portfolio of brands. LatAm e-commerce company Mercado Libre uses DPA to remarket over 38 million products in over 13 countries. Both are seeing high ROI and continuing to invest. 
On the measurement side, Conversion Lift is helping clients see the real business results from their campaigns. Boost Mobile, a Sprint brand, showed ads to people eligible for device upgrades. Using Conversion Lifts, they were able to attribute a 4% lift in in-store sales to their Facebook campaign. 
Finally, we're continuing to invest in ad tech across Atlas, LiveRail, and the Audience Network. This quarter, we expanded the ad format so publishers in the Audience Network can add to their mobile apps. On LiveRail this quarter, we began testing age and gender targeting. LiveRail can now deliver over 90% accuracy on age and gender segments across desktop, mobile web, and mobile apps versus a non-target rate of only 31% to 55% when not using LiveRail technology. 
I want to take a moment to thank our clients around the world for their continued partnership and congratulate our global Facebook teams on great execution. Looking forward, we're going to stay focused on our priorities to continue to build a solid foundation for our long-term business. 
Now here's Dave. 

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. 
Echoing Mark and Sheryl's comments, Q3 was another strong quarter for Facebook. We generated $4.5 billion in revenue and over $1.4 billion in free cash flow. Growth in engagement of our community again provided a great platform for our strong financial performance this quarter. In September, we reached a new milestone, with over 1 billion people using Facebook on an average day, an increase of 17% compared to last year. This daily number represents 65% of the 1.55 billion people who used Facebook during the month of September. 
Mobile continued to drive our growth. In September, approximately 1.39 billion people accessed Facebook on mobile devices, up 23% from last year. Additionally, our next generation of services continued to grow, with Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp now exceeding 400 million, 700 million, and 900 million monthly actives, respectively. 
Now turning to the financials. All of our comparisons are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted. Additionally, our non-GAAP measures exclude stock-based compensation and the amortization of intangibles. Total revenue was $4.5 billion, up 41%, or 51% on a constant currency basis. Ad revenue was $4.3 billion, up 45%, or 57% on a constant currency basis. The strengthening of the US dollar continued to have an unfavorable impact on our revenue in Q3. Had foreign exchange rates remained constant with Q3 2014 levels, our total revenue would have been approximately $340 million higher. Regionally, US and Canada and Asia-Pacific were our strongest markets, producing ad revenue growth of 56% and 48%, respectively. Europe and Rest of World grew more slowly, at 33% and 29%, respectively, impacted by our currency exposure in both of those regions. 
As Sheryl mentioned, mobile continued to drive our revenue growth. Mobile ad revenue was $3.4 billion, up 73% from last year, representing 78% of our advertising revenue. Revenue from ads served on personal computers was down approximately 8%. We have been very pleased with the sustained high growth of mobile advertising revenue. There are a number of important factors contributing to that growth, both from the supply and demand sides. 
The drivers of year-over-year mobile revenue growth fell into three main categories. First, as Sheryl covered, we've continued to have success driving strong advertiser demand. Second, we've grown both the number of people using Facebook and the time that they spend with us. And third, the growth in advertiser demand and ad quality has enabled us to increase ad load over time. As we have grown mobile advertising, we have remained very pleased with overall engagement levels, user satisfaction with news feed, and the overall quality of the ads themselves. 
Turning now to our overall price-volume metrics. In Q3, the average price per ad increased 61%, while total ad impressions declined 10% on a year-over-year basis. As I've indicated on prior calls, the changes in our reported price-volume metrics have been driven recently by the change in the number of right-hand column ads and the shift to mobile. These factors will have a less significant impact on the reported price-volume metrics going forward, now that a full year has elapsed since the redesign of right-hand column ads and now that mobile impressions have grown to become the majority of impressions. In fact, the quarter-over-quarter trends already point to that. In Q3, total ad impressions increased 7% sequentially and average price per ad increased 5%. 
Total payments and other fees revenue was $202 million, down 18% compared to last year. The decline was expected and was driven by a reduction in payments revenue related to games played on personal computers. 
Turning now to expenses. Our Q3 total GAAP expenses were $3 billion, up 68%, and non-GAAP expenses were $2.1 billion, up 51%. Similar to last quarter, stock-based compensation and amortization expenses related to the WhatsApp acquisition contributed significantly to the year-over-year growth in GAAP expenses. Non-GAAP expenses were driven by increases in headcount-related costs, cost of revenue, and marketing expenses. We ended Q3 with nearly 12,000 employees, up 44% compared to last year. We added over 1,000 employees to Facebook in the quarter and we are pleased with the continued strength in our recruiting efforts. 
Our Q3 GAAP operating income was approximately $1.5 billion, representing a 32% operating margin. Our non-GAAP operating income was $2.4 billion, representing a 54% margin. Our Q3 GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were 37% and 32%, respectively. Our Q3 GAAP net income was $896 million, or $0.31 per share, and our non-GAAP net income was $1.6 billion, or $0.57 per share. In Q3, capital expenditures were $780 million, as we continued to invest in servers, network infrastructure, and the buildout of data centers and other facilities to support the rapid growth of the business. We generated $1.4 billion of free cash flow and ended the quarter with over $15.8 billion in cash and investments. 
Turning now to the revenue outlook. We remain focused on growing the number of people who use our services, increasing advertiser demand, and improving the quality and relevance of our ads. Across these dimensions, we continue to see healthy growth opportunities ahead for Facebook and Instagram. Given the strengthening of the US dollar over the past year, we will continue to face currency headwinds next quarter, particularly in Europe and Latin America. In addition, we expect our total payments and other fees revenues to decline sequentially from Q3 to Q4, similar to the trends that we have experienced over the last couple quarters. 
Now turning to the expense outlook. We expect the year-over-year growth rate for total full-year 2015 GAAP expenses to be approximately 55% and for total full-year non-GAAP expenses to be approximately 50%. We anticipate our 2015 capital expenditures will be in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion. We continue to expect our 2015 stock-based compensation to be in the range of $3 billion to $3.2 billion, approximately half of which is related to our prior acquisitions, most notably WhatsApp. We expect amortization expenses for the full year 2015 to be approximately $700 million to $800 million. And lastly, we anticipate our Q4 and full-year 2015 GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates to be several percentage points above their respective Q3 rates. 
In summary, Q3 was another strong quarter for Facebook. We are pleased with the growth and engagement of our community and the momentum in our business, which together support our ability to continue investing to build our next generation of services and execute on our mission of connecting the world. 
With that, Operator, let's open up the call for questions.