Answer_1:

    I'll take the first half. We think the most important thing is we think mobile can be a huge opportunity for us and we're really pleased with the progress we made in the fourth quarter. If you compare the averages Q3 versus Q4, well if you compare the overall revenue, our mobile revenue doubled from Q3 to Q4, and we continue to make progress also, in terms of the quality and the relevance of the mobile ads that we show. I think the most important thing here is we're still really early. A couple quarters ago, mobile revenues were 0% of our ads revenue, and now we're up to 23% and believe there's a lot more we can do, and a lot of growth ahead of us.

Answer_2:

    I'll speak to the quality piece. So one of the things that we measure for News Feed quality is the amount of feedback that we get, so likes and comments and things like that, and just to give a sense of the magnitude of these things, the ranking improvements and things that we did over the course of last year improved the amount of feedback in News Feed, on the order of about 50%. I don't know if it was quite exactly 50%, but it was on that order. And we measure very closely, when we take into account advertising and spend, in order to rank ads into News Feed, we're inherently not showing what would have organically shown up in that slot, so we want to make sure we're not decreasing quality by a big amount. So what we found was that when we did the tests to take out the ads, we were -- inserting the ads had about a 2% reduction in the amount of likes and comments. So over the period of last year, we had on the order of a 50% increase and a very marginal offset of 2% for putting ads in, which just makes us feel really confident that we're continuing to very strongly net improve the experience of Feed. And that's one of the things that I mentioned in my script before. We weren't that, we're confident we could get this to a good place over time in terms of being a good experience, but the amount of the improvements we've done have just dwarfed the quantitative feedback hit that anything that we've seen on the ads is very promising to us, in terms of what we're going to be able to do, going forward.

Answer_3:

    Sure. So one of the product design principles that we've always had is, we want the organic content to be of the same basic types of formats as paid content, right? So historically, advertisers want really rich things like big pictures or videos, and we haven't provided those things historically, but one of the things we've done in the last year, is you've seen the organic News Feed product that consumers use, moving towards bigger pictures, richer media, and I think you'll continue to see it go in that direction. And I think a lot of the success of products like Instagram is because of that, it's very immersive,  even on a small screen, it's a wonderful photo product. And when you have those form factors for the content, that gives you the ability to offer those form factors for advertising as well, so I think you see the trend there in terms of where it's going, and that's naturally going to make it so we can deliver much more engaging advertising experiences than we were traditionally able to do when we didn't have those types of content in the system. David can speak to some of the stats you were asking about.

Answer_4:

    In terms of engagement, overall, everything continues to go very well. We passed a billion users, and in the fourth quarter, 59% of them used Facebook on an average day in December, which is up a couple percent from where we started the year, so just pretty remarkable how, as we continue to grow the user base, that number continues to grow and really speaks to the value of the service and the importance of mobile, which is really driving that. There's another metric we track which measures the number of people who have come to the site, in at least six of the last seven days, so it shows the audience for whom Facebook is a daily experience, and that, we ended the year with record highs on that metric as well. So everything continues to go well, and our job is to make Facebook a better, more useful product so we can continue to drive new kinds of engagement in the future.

Answer_5:

    So on FBX, as everyone knows, it's realtime bidding for specific instructions, we're very encouraged by what we see, both in terms of marketing demand and ad performance. And the numbers, as I said in my opening remarks, are getting higher. We see good data from our clients and customers that it's driving more conversions, we have data from one of our clients, Triggit, that FBX drives 36% more conversions than we target anywhere else, Shutterfly had a 4X higher return on ad spend than other platforms, and we have a bunch of other examples like that. I would say the importance of FBX is not just the product itself, but really what it represents, and the other opportunities around making the ads more targeted. So FBX is one way of making the ads better targeted and more useful to users, which makes a higher return from advertisers. Custom Audiences is another, but I think what you're seeing from us is a really big push to make our ads higher quality, better for users, higher return for advertisers, and FBX is just one of many ways we're working on doing that.

Answer_6:

    Yes, and I'll just add to that a little bit but you mostly covered it. I think we're really early, but what we really expected was to not be able to necessarily show everyone an ad every day because we weren't sure that we had the quality up front, and that was some of the engagement metrics I was talking about before. So we've been positively surprised that the quality has been naturally high, and there's been basically no engagement hit at all that's very meaningful. So what that means is that now, previously we thought we were going to have to spend 6 to 12 months just tuning in order to be able to get it to a quality level to incrementally rollout ads, whereas now we've had them rolled out. Now we can go straight into doing the same types of things to improve targeting, and improve the quality of the ad format, which obviously, when they're fully deployed has much more leverage to those changes than if we had to wait until we hit different quality thresholds to roll it out more, so I think we're pretty early. It's not that it's going in a completely different direction, it's mostly the two things that we talked about so far, good targeting and good ad formats, and there's just a lot of room to grow in both.

Answer_7:

    Carlos, I'll take the first one. So I think that when you compare the disclosure we make about the US and Canada to Europe, one of the notable differences is in Europe, as we continue to penetrate that market, we're getting into some of the lower monetizing countries in Europe, so there's sort of an inter-Europe lower price dynamic going on where the ads, the places that are growing more rapidly are starting at a lower price point and bringing down the average, either on a CPM basis or an ARPU basis, so I do think there are macro things that matter in Europe as well, but that's the bigger point.

Answer_8:

    Yes, and in terms of the point on structured data there's Open Graph in order to help developers and people map out all of the different connections between things outside of Facebook, but one of the things that we talked about when we rolled out Graph Search is there are more than a trillion connections between people and things in Facebook today, and that's the basis for Graph Search. I think a lot of the goal of having the utility like Graph Search is also to give people a reason to map out more of these structured connections themselves. You mentioned the Google comparison, I think we're just coming from a completely different place. Our whole product is people and structured connections to other people, and content, and things that they like, whereas traditional web search is the exact opposite, it's completely unstructured. Google and others may be trying to put in some of the structured foundation, but we just have years of having built that up and I think that we're just in a completely different place on that.

Answer_9:

    So Youssef, we think we've got some really big and important opportunities right in front of us now, and that's driving our decision-making around the level of investment we're making, which is important to us in 2013. That will moderate over time but I wouldn't want to make a firm commitment to exactly what it's going to look like in the future, because particularly the R&D part of it is going to depend on what the opportunities are, and how excited we are about the returns we can get from them.

Answer_10:

    Video ads?

Answer_11:

    Not just ads though.

Answer_12:

    Yes, I mean I think I touched on some of this earlier in terms of making it that News Feed is richer just enables more opportunity for this, and there are already the ability for pages to post videos in different content into the systems. We actually have a very large volume of this. Another thing we have the ability to support is people posting links on other services, so for video advertising, it's not necessarily critical that we host the video. We want to be the distribution platform for a lot of the stuff, but I think there's definitely an opportunity and over time, we'll have more to talk about.

Answer_13:

    Okay, in terms of the ARPU by geography, I don't know that I have a lot more color to offer. In terms of the mobile News Feed rollout, as you would expect with a new advertising product, really in the end of the second quarter and the third quarter it took off first in the US, and Europe followed and I think the growth was much more notable for that product area, in Asia and the rest of world in the fourth quarter, as compared to the third, and that's just sort of the natural progression of how roll-outs tend to go for us. In terms of your second question about the increase in mobile users and mobile-only users, which we agree is really important and impressive, I don't know that we would point to any one thing that drove that, just as much as continued penetration of smartphones and around the world in many markets, and our ability to make our products better, so that people are more inclined to use them.

Answer_14:

    Unfortunately, I don't think there's that much that I can share with you on either of those. On Graph Search, it's still early. This is one of the products that I'm the most excited about that we've built. It is a completely new pillar of our ecosystem, and I think it's going to be an important utility that people use. Right now, the whole strategy around this is, it's a beta product, and we are primarily rolling it out in order to get more data, so that we can incorporate the data of how people use it to make ranking better before we do a full rollout. So right now it's rolled out to the order of tens or hundreds of thousands of people, not extremely widely, and I mean so we have data, but I don't think anything that is really relevant to share beyond that. 
In terms of the new experiences, I think the big theme that we're just going to push on mobile is, people keep on asking if we're going to build a phone, and we aren't going to build a phone, because it's not the right strategy for us to build one integrated system, where so, let's say we sold 10 million units, that would be 1% of users. Who cares for us? But the big thing for us is we have a billion people using our products and we need to make Facebook really good across all of the devices that they use, and we're going to keep on pushing to get more integrated with the system. When Facebook is a product that people are spending almost 20% of their time or more on phones using, it really should be, and I think people want it to be very integrated into all of the different devices that they have, and that's what we're going to focus on. So rather than just building an App, that's a version of the functionality that you have today, making it so that we can go deeper and deeper, I think will be a big focus for us.

Answer_15:

    Yes, thanks for your question, Ross. For us, the most important metric is that the overall ad revenue increased 41%. I think that the way we think about things, it's hard to really separate out the mobile and desktop or Feed in right hand column as separate and distinct businesses, because for most of our ads, marketers will tell us what ad they want to show and to what audience they want us to show the ad, and we choose where it goes. It's not true for 100% of the ads, but it's certainly true in the majority case. So our job is to find the place to put the ads that will create the most value for the user and the marketer. So the overall ad revenue number really provides a sort of just a better sense of how much advertising demand there is in the system that we're able to service, and over time, we'll continue to experiment with how to optimize that. In general, you can see from the user numbers that the growth in usage is coming from mobile, particularly in developed markets that desktop usage continues to be flat or declining, so that's obviously the macro trend that will affect what the future of the right hand column revenues are.

Answer_16:

    Yes. These are important. Sheryl has more details on this, so I think she should take the first one.

Answer_17:

    Yes, measurement is really important for us and it's one of the challenges we face. I remember, through the years I've worked on this, when search happened, people weren't able to measure it and then they figured out how to measure search, and more a new thing, and people need to think about measurement differently. One of the most important things we need to do in the market is help educate people that the click is not really the most important metric for us. In fact, now that we've been able to work with companies to look at in-store sales data, we find that of the people who saw a Facebook ad and then purchased a product in the store, 99% of them never clicked on an ad, so reeducating the market, what the metrics are that are right for us. 
I would say in terms of our measurement capabilities, we're really early. We weren't able to tie into sales data at all until pretty late in 2012. In order to do those studies we have to work very deeply with retail providers and each client. A lot of our big clients have their own departments that do this measurement and we work with them individually, so we're pretty early. We're happy with the progress we've made. We launched conversion measurements in just mid-December, and that's broadly available on the system, but I think we have a lot of opportunity to do a lot more measurement, a lot more rapidly. We're particularly excited about our ability to do this on mobile. With customers who are using their data in a privacy protected way, we can now measure all the way from seeing a Facebook ad in a mobile device through to a purchase in a store, and that's a pretty exciting capability, we think is pretty unique in the market.

Answer_18:

    Neil, your second question was about mobile gaming and it's an interesting question as well. So while we're seeing now is really strong growth in adoption of our platform in games on both iOS and Android, and we want Facebook to be the default social infrastructure for mobile games, and feel like we're making progress in that direction, and convincing developers that they will get more users, more engaged users, and better monetizing users, if the users are able to connect with their friends and bring their Facebook identity with them. At this point, we don't have any payments integrations with these mobile games, but our belief is that if we can help game developers to grow users' engagement and monetization, it puts us in an interesting position to consider future financial relationships. And the only other thing I would add is that we really launched or ramped up the mobile App install ads in the fourth quarter, and are already seeing that's a pretty promising way for developers to try and get better distribution for what they've built, including games developers, and that's sort of a nice first step for us in trying to participate in the mobile gaming ecosystem.

Answer_19:

    In terms of engagement, as we said, the overall engagement patterns remain really strong for us. We don't break out engagement metrics by self-reported demographics like age. I think that one thing we can say is that our view is that the overall marketplace is expanding really rapidly here, in terms of just the amount of time people, college-age, post-college are spending, connected, sharing with their friends, et cetera, and we think that's great for Facebook and our long term position, because we're a leader in such a rapidly-expanding market.

Answer_20:

    And taking the second part we think we have really big opportunities across-the-board with the large brand spenders. If you just look at mobile, what you see, and [Merrymaker] just put out a report on this, mobile gets 1% of ad revenue and 10% of time consumed, so right there, you see a big gap. Our opportunities there are to ramp with the large advertisers, build more deeply into their measurement systems so we can measure, help them use the Custom Audiences and other targeting we offer because right now a lot of our advertisers aren't using that targeting so they are sending more generic ads to our whole system. And that's great, we have the scale to do that, but a better ad experience will take advantage of the targeting we offer. 
We think in mobile, we think we're particularly really uniquely positioned. It's not just that we have unprecedented scale and huge engagement, that Mark talked about in his opening statement. We have a natural ad format, one of the big successes of 2012 was putting ads into News Feed and having them work, both for our clients on the marketing side, but also for our users, the engagement Mark talked about. On mobile, because we have real identity and people are logged in, we have a really unique ability to serve relevant ads, and so I think particularly in the mobile area, we are positioned in a very strong way, compared to anyone else.

Answer_21:

    On the mobile side, I think it's just really important to recognize we're very early in this. Of course we're still making changes in terms of what ads we show, how we select them, how many we show to different users, and under different circumstances, so this is still very early in the process of us trying to learn how to optimize that business as we develop it. Our perspective is that we're still we have a lot of opportunity there. In terms of Payments what you said is generally true. Note that this year as opposed to last year, we do have a little bit of revenue from non-game sources as I said, so you've got to  neutralize or back that out of you want to compare games to games year-over-year. But having said that, if you make the year-over-year comparison, we do as I said, we see as I said earlier, we see a nice diversification happening in games, and it's a very interesting business to try and think about projecting going forward because some of the trends are really quite positive, but you have to be mindful of the macro trend, that we're not growing the sort of the essence of this user base in the developed markets right now.

Answer_22:

    On the first one, on FBX, when it's available, we have nothing to share at this point.

Answer_23:

    So second question on Gifts. I think that I really can just reiterate what Mark said earlier, which is that the focus for right now is trying to figure out what the right product is. We think Gifts is, if done well can be a very natural and positive part of the Facebook experience, so for example, when you're wishing someone a Happy Birthday the ability to send a gift along with that and just figuring out how the product needs to work, what the interfaces are, what the selection of products is, how the payment process works, all of that stuff is what we're going to have to optimize, to make the product grow as you're asking. And we're going to try to do that. That will be something we work on in 2013.

Answer_24:

    I don't really think I can say anymore about things that we're developing, then directionally what I've already said. On iOS, I mean there are two really big platforms out there. Sorry, there are three. Android, iOS, and mobile web, and where we basically are, the strategy through each of those are a bit different. So mobile web, there's a limit to how the depths of how deep you can get into the system but we can go as deep as anyone else, so we feel pretty good about that, and we think our mobile web experience is really good, and has on the same order of magnitude of users as our App, so that's actually really good. 
For Android, and then I'll get to iOS last, Android is a very dynamic and open platform, as long as Google keeps it that way. And even though our relationship with Google isn't one where the companies really talk, we are able to do a bunch of things, because they have an open platform that lets us get fairly deep into the system and build some really great experiences, which I think will be, which we're excited on about and we're working on. An example that we have already that I can talk about is for Messenger. On Android, you build an messaging app that can actually do SMS on the phone. You can't do that on iOS, because on iOS, iOS controls SMS on the phone. But on Android you can build something that does that, and our Messenger App does that. So that's a good example on what you can do on Android. 
On iOS, because it's a more locked down system, the way that you can do deeper integration is by working directly with Apple. They've been a great partner for us so far, and we're really excited about doing more there, and people enjoy the integration that we have with them today, to be able to share photos and share web pages from anywhere across the experience, when you're on your iPhone or iPad, and we're really happy with it. So I don't think there's any meaningful numbers to share there, but qualitatively it's a really good experience and I'm really happy with the partnership we have with them.

Answer_25:

    Operator, we have time for one last question.

Answer_26:

    On the last you're correct, we're doing a billion impressions per day and FBX is not available now on mobile.

Answer_27:

    On the reserve price, we're always iterating and experimenting to optimize what we show for the user experience, and for our business performance. The price floor has been something we've had in place. It's way below the average prices, and the purpose of it has been to both support higher prices and omit poor quality ads. Over time, we've developed other tools to help us achieve those objectives, so the floor has become less important for us. And interestingly there's non-intuitive benefits also that we've been realizing, which is that small businesses as you can imagine, often create some of the highest quality and most highly-engaging ads on Facebook. It makes sense because your local coffee shop feels like part of the community you live in and seeing an ad from them fits naturally into the experience that you want on Facebook, and small businesses are often the lowest bidders in our auction. So by lowering the floor, if we can bring in more small businesses into our network, get them comfortable advertising with us, and hopefully ramp them up over time, that should be a good thing. As I said, for the changes we happen to make this quarter, the impact was really primarily in international markets, because the price floor really wasn't coming into play in most of the developed markets anyway.

Answer_28:

    That's it. Thank you for joining us today. We really appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.

