
Good morning. Before Brian Moynihan and Bruce Thompson begin their comments, let me remind you that this presentation does contain some forward-looking statements regarding both our financial condition and financial results and that these statements involve certain risks that may cause actual results in the future to be different from our current expectations. For additional factors, please see our press release and SEC documents. And with that, let me turn it over to Brian.

Thank you, Kevin and thank all of you for joining us on a busy day. In 2012, we laid out our four focus areas for the year -- capital, managing our risk, reducing costs and driving our core business growth. In each area, we achieved strong results this year and we are carrying that momentum forward as we look to 2013. So let's start on page 4 of our presentation. We positioned our Company with a strong balance sheet this year. The estimated capital ratios now are above current Basel 3 requirements and we have seen improving credit quality. And as you know, we have addressed many legacy issues that Bruce will talk about later. As a result, the [coring] power of the Company, the coring power that our team has been driving all year can now shine through more clearly as we look forward.
We've positioned our Company to driving our core customer relationship strategy. That strategy continues to accelerate our growth by simply helping those people we serve with their financial lives. We've positioned our Company by reducing costs, making our operations leaner and more efficient and investing in our growth initiatives at the same time. We continue to streamline all our businesses. We focus it on those three customer groups that we talk about on each call -- people, companies, institutional investors. And on page 5, we highlight some of the progress we have made in the last quarter and last year.
On the consumer side, our deposits continue to grow. Our retail mortgage production has increased by an average of 10% per quarter over the past three quarters. The pipeline today remains as strong as it was at the end of the third quarter. As you know, we continue to optimize our service network, our branch network as online and mobile banking numbers continue to increase. We are now averaging about 10,000 new mobile subscribers a day.
In our Preferred client area, the growth this year has been strong. The evidence of that is our brokerage assets in Merrill Edge are up 14% from a year ago. Moving to our wealth management businesses, US Trust and Merrill Lynch, those businesses had strong loan, strong deposit, strong revenue growth this year and earnings and pretax margin were also at record levels.
As we think about the companies, the corporations and middle market companies we serve across the country and around the world, our loan growth continues to expand, particularly in the second half of 2012. Global Banking ended with loans of $288 billion, up from $265 billion at the end of June. Investment banking fees for these clients are strong and we maintained our number two market position. In the fourth quarter, we had a leadership position in debt underwriting.
As we move to our Global Markets business, and it serves the institutional investors, our research capabilities continue to be recognized as the best in the world for the second straight year. As we look at 2012, sales and trading revenue did well in a relatively difficult environment. In 2012, our trading revenues were up 20% from 2011, excluding the impacts of DVA and we did that while we reduced cost in this business by over 10%.
So thinking about it, looking across every customer group we serve, you can see our strategy we put in place continues to drive results. We continue to fine-tune this strong core franchise focusing on those industry-leading capabilities we have to serve our clients and customers in every area.
But while we are doing that, we continue to work on our expenses. Bruce is going to take you through the highlights in a few pages. But if you think about it from the top, we reduced our delinquent mortgage count, which allowed us to reduce our LAS expenses. We have reduced our employee count in each quarter in the last five and we have done that while we continue to invest in our targeted growth areas.
Our strategy continues to work. We are seeing growth across all the core businesses. We are seeing that momentum continue to accelerate, so as we look forward to 2013, we are going to continue to drive this strategy and drive the earnings power of our Company. Thank you and I will turn it over to Bruce to take you through the results in detail.

Great. Thanks, Brian and good morning, everyone. I'm going to start on slide 6. As you all saw this morning, we reported net income for the quarter of $732 million, or $0.03 a share for the quarter. I am going to spend a moment on the previously announced items in the geography on the income statement so that you can better understand the quarter.
Reported revenues net of interest expense were $18.9 billion during the quarter. If you look in the bottom left-hand corner of this slide, you can see our revenues were negatively impacted by five items totaling approximately $3.7 billion. Those items included a $2.5 billion charge for reps and warranties with respect to the Fannie Mae settlement; approximately $0.5 billion related to the clarification of our obligations under mortgage rescissions; negative DVA and FVO of approximately $700 million relating to the significant tightening of our credit spreads that we saw during the quarter and then a positive $700 million between the change in the MSR valuation related to the servicing sales, as well as our sale in our Japan joint venture.
If we move to the right on the expense side, our expenses were negatively impacted by approximately $2.3 billion due to our previously announced independent foreclosure review acceleration agreement, as well as approximately $900 million of litigation expense and $300 million of compensatory fees. In addition, during the quarter, we did have a positive net tax adjustment primarily related to tax credits that are associated with certain non-US subsidiaries.
If we turn to slide 7, a lot of numbers. I would like to draw your attention to three line items. The first, deposits were up $42 billion, or 4%, from the end of the third quarter to the end of the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter, we reduced our long-term debt footprint by approximately $11 billion, but more significantly, during all of 2012, our debt footprint came down by almost $100 billion, or 26%. We accomplished that reduction in our debt footprint while our overall liquidity sources remained in the range of $370 billion to $380 billion.
Turning to slide 8, and looking at Basel 1 capital, Basel 1 capital declined during the quarter to a still very strong 11.06%. The decline was the result of our pretax loss, as well as approximately $500 million of common and preferred stock dividends. In addition, during the quarter, our risk-weighted assets grew by approximately $10 billion as the strong growth that we saw in the investment and corporate bank more than offset the reductions in the consumer business.
If we turn to slide 9, I'd like to spend a few minutes on Basel 3 capital. We estimate that our Tier 1 common capital under Basel 3 on a fully phased-in basis would have been 9.25% at the end of the year. Our estimate once again assumes approval of all models with the exception of the change in the comprehensive risk measure for CRM after one year under the US Basel 3 NPRs. This 9.25% is a 28 basis point improvement over our estimate of 8.97% at the end of the third quarter of this year.
While our Tier 1 common capital declined as a result of the pretax loss, lower OCI and higher threshold deductions, this was more than offset by a reduction in our risk-weighted assets. Driving the RW decline during the quarter were lower exposures, particularly in consumer real estate and market risk, improved credit quality and updates of our recent loss experience in our models. We estimate that our Tier 1 common capital at the end of the quarter was $128.6 billion while our risk-weighted assets were approximately $1.4 trillion under Basel 3. And as you all know, Basel 3 ratios are more sensitive to changes in credit quality, portfolio composition, interest rates, as well as earnings performance.
If we turn to slide 10 and look at funding and liquidity, our global excess liquidity sources were at $372 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, down $8 billion from the prior quarter driven by a reduction of our long-term debt footprint of approximately $11 billion during the quarter. During the fourth quarter, we redeemed $5.3 billion of TruPS and other long-term debt.
You may have seen last week, we raised approximately $6 billion in the aggregate for 3, 5 and 10-year notes to take advantage of strong investor demand. As we look forward though, we do expect to continue to see long-term debt decline, primarily through maturities consistent with our overall goal of optimizing the cost associated with both our debt and capital. As we do so, we expect that our time to required funding will consistently remain above two years coverage and that metric at the end of 2012 was at 33 months.
On slide 11, net interest income, we reported an increase in net interest income from $10.2 billion in the third quarter to $10.6 billion in the fourth and an improvement in our net interest margin of about 3 basis points to 2.35%. As we consider that number, we benefited during the quarter from less negative impact of market-related premium amortization expense. We continued to benefit from the shrinkage in our long-term debt footprint, as well as improved trading-related net interest income. Partially offsetting those benefits were lower asset yields, as well as lower consumer loan balances.
If you adjust for the market-related items that I just referred to, we are in line with the estimated range of net interest income of $10.5 billion before market-related impacts we have discussed during our past earnings announcements. Given [long end] rate levels at the end of December, we estimate that quarterly net interest income may come in around a base of $10.5 billion plus or minus for FAS 91 and day count for the next several quarters. The impact of our liability management actions and long-term debt maturities are expected to help offset headwinds from continued pressure on consumer loan balances, as well as the overall low rate environment.
On slide 12, we highlight the results of our Consumer & Business Banking. Earnings were $1.4 billion for the quarter, an increase of $143 million, or 11% from the third quarter, driven by higher revenue more than offsetting higher non-interest expense. Service charges were lower due in part to our actions that we took around Hurricane Sandy to further support our customers in the region. Average deposits increased more than $6 billion, or 1.3% from the third quarter.
On the slide 13, we list some of the key indicators for our Consumer & Business Banking for the quarter. In our deposits business, the average rate paid on deposits declined 3 basis points -- 3 basis points during the quarter to 17 basis points. Our mobile banking customer base reached 12 million, which is an 8% increase from the prior quarter and up 31% from a year ago. We reduced banking centers as we continue to optimize the delivery network around customer behaviors. Credit card purchase volumes per active account increased 7% from the fourth quarter of 2011. The US credit card loss rate is at its lowest level since 2006 while the 30 plus day delinquency rate is at a historic low.
On slide 14, and before we get into Legacy Assets & Servicing, we summarize the specific mortgage items that we announced on January 7, including our settlements with Fannie Mae, sales of mortgage servicing rights and the acceleration agreement on the IFR. During the quarter, these items had a negative pretax income on fourth-quarter LAS revenue of $2.6 billion and in the expense category of $2 million resulting in an aggregate net income impact of $2.9 billion in LAS within our Consumer Real Estate Services segment.
If we turn to slide 15 now, we break out the two businesses within CRES -- Home Loans and LAS. Home Loans reported an increase in net income to $281 million while LAS reported a net loss of $4 billion, including the approximately $2.9 billion of items I just highlighted. As you all are aware, the Home Loans business is responsible for first lien and home equity originations within CRES.
First mortgage retail originations of $21.5 billion were up 6% from the third quarter driven by refinancings and up 42% compared with retail originations of approximately $15 billion in the prior year-ago quarter. You can see this same type of trend in our core production income, which is up from the third quarter and almost double results from a year ago. As you know, we exited the correspondent business in late 2011, so correspondent originations are non-existent versus volumes of approximately $6.5 billion a year ago.
The MSR asset within LAS ended the quarter at $5.7 billion, up $629 million from the end of the third quarter, due in part to the valuation adjustments previously discussed related to the sale of MSRs. MSR hedge results during the quarter were positive and we ended the period with the MSR rate at 55 basis points versus 45 basis points in the third quarter and 54 basis points one year ago.
If we turn to slide 16, we show some comparisons of certain metrics in Legacy Assets & Servicing on a linked quarter basis, as well as compared to fourth quarter a year ago to reflect the work done to reduce delinquent loans and find homeowner solutions. As you recall, Legacy Assets & Servicing reflects all of our servicing operations and the results of our MSR activities.
Total staffing in the quarter, including contractors and offshore, decreased approximately 9,000 from the third quarter. The number of first lien loans serviced dropped 7% in the quarter while the number of 60 plus day delinquent loans dropped 17% to 773,000 units. We expect this drop in 60-day plus delinquencies should have a positive impact on our staffing levels and servicing costs going forward as we were fully staffed in the second half of last year to handle the various new programs and regulations.
We have referenced our January 7 announcement of agreements to sell MSRs totaling $306 billion aggregate unpaid principal balance. This represents 2 million loans of which 232,000 are 60 plus day delinquent. The transfers of these servicing rights are scheduled to occur in stages over the course of 2013 with the delinquent loans scheduled to be transferred after the current loans. Currently, we recognize approximately $200 million in servicing fees per quarter associated with these loans, which is expected to decrease throughout the year as we actually transfer the servicing. However, the impact on earnings from lower revenue is expected to be negligible for the year as we expect expenses to also decrease as we transfer the servicing, especially the 60 plus day delinquent loans.
We believe our serviced 60 plus day delinquent loans at the end of 2013 may be around 400,000 units versus 773,000 units at the end of 2012, a decrease of approximately 50%. That implies an additional decrease of 150,000 units beyond the 232,000 units that are expected to go with the scheduled transfers.
Given the projected declines in 60 plus day delinquent loans and notwithstanding their being a one to two-quarter lag between delinquent loan transfers and expense decrease, we believe we can get expenses in the fourth quarter of 2013 down by more than $1 billion from the $3.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012, excluding the impact of IFR and litigation.
On slide 17, we show outstanding claims at the end of December, but, as you know, a significant portion of GSE claims has been addressed in our settlement with Fannie Mae. If we exclude the rep and warrant amounts addressed in the settlement of $12.2 billion from GSE outstanding claims of $13.5 billion, pro forma outstanding GSE claims would have been $1.3 billion at the end of the year. Total outstanding claims on a pro forma basis would then be $16.1 million. Remember that the table reflects unpaid principal amounts versus the actual losses projected on the loans.
Outstanding claims in the quarter from private-label counterparties increased approximately $1.7 billion from the end of September. And an anticipated increase in our aggregate non-GSE claims was taken into consideration when we developed our reserves at the time of the BNY settlement and we continue to review our assumptions on a quarterly basis. Unresolved claims with monolines remains static as much of our activity with the monolines revolves around litigation issues.
Reserves for representation warranties at the end of the quarter increased to $19 billion of which $8.5 billion is associated with the BNY settlement and approximately $6 billion is associated with the GSEs. We currently estimate that the range of possible loss for both GSE and non-GSE representations and warranties exposures could be up to $4 billion over accruals at December 31 compared to up to $6 billion over accruals at September 30. This decrease is the result of our settlement with Fannie Mae in the range of possible loss now principally covers non-GSE exposures.
On slide 18, in Global Wealth & Investment Management, earnings for the quarter of $578 billion -- excuse me -- $578 million were up slightly from record results in the third quarter. The pretax margin was 21%. This quarter, we did move two businesses that we agreed to sell, International Wealth Management and our brokerage joint venture in Japan, to the All Other segment, including the results in past quarters for comparability.
Overall, client activity in the Wealth Management business in the quarter across all categories was quite robust and was aided by client actions due to the fiscal cliff. Period-end deposit growth of approximately $23 billion and period-end loan growth of $3.5 billion helped offset the impact of the continued low rate environment. Ending loan balances were at record levels and long-term AUM flows of $9.1 billion were the second-highest quarterly amount since the Merrill merger and the 14th consecutive positive quarter.
Net income of $1.4 billion in Global Banking on slide 19 is an increase of more than 10% from the third quarter and reflects higher revenue and lower expenses. Average loans and leases increased $10.8 billion, or 4% from the third quarter, with growth across C&I, as well as commercial real estate. Average deposit balances increased $15.8 billion, or 6% from the third quarter, to $268 billion as our customer base continued to be very liquid. Asset quality continued to improve from prior quarters as we have seen over the last year. NPAs dropped 20% to $2.1 billion and reservable utilized criticized exposure declined 11%.
On slide 20, we outline our investment banking fees for the quarter. You can see that our debt underwriting area was up $213 million from the third quarter to $1.078 billion in revenues and our advisory business was up approximately $80 million to $301 million for the quarter. Corporation-wide investment banking fees were up 20% from the third quarter and 58% from the year-ago period. Debt underwriting fees were a record for the quarter and we believe number one on a global basis during the quarter. From an overall investment banking fee perspective, we maintained our number two global ranking in net investment banking fees during 2012 based on Dealogic data.
Switching to Global Markets on slide 21, earnings, excluding DVA, were $326 million. Excluding DVA and the UK corporate tax charge in the third quarter, net income decreased compared to the third quarter driven by lower sales and trading revenue reflecting a seasonally slower fourth quarter. Sales and trading revenue, excluding DVA, was down 23% from the third quarter, but improved substantially from levels a year ago. Within our FICC area, excluding DVA, revenues of $1.8 billion decreased from $2.5 billion in the third quarter primarily as a result of lower volumes and reduced client activity, but were up $1.3 billion, or 37% from a year ago.
In equities, excluding DVA, results were flat with the third quarter as lower volatility and continuing lack of investor appetite for equity products kept volume suppressed. Expenses declined from both the third quarter and the prior year primarily driven by lower personnel expense.
On slide 22, we show you the results of All Other, which includes our Global Principal Investments business, the non-US consumer card business, our discretionary portfolio associated with interest rate risk management, the international wealth management business we agreed to sell, insurance, as well as our discontinued real estate portfolio. The revenue improvement in All Other from the third quarter was mainly due to a lower negative valuation adjustment on structured liabilities under fair value option of $442 million compared to a negative $1.3 billion in the third quarter and higher equity investment income as a result of the sale of our brokerage joint venture in Japan.
Non-interest expense declined compared to the third quarter due to lower litigation costs as the third quarter included the Merrill Lynch class-action settlement. Also contributing to net income in the quarter was the foreign tax credit benefit that I mentioned at the beginning of the presentation.
As you can see on slide 23, total expenses increased compared to the third quarter, but were down from a year ago. Excluding LAS expenses, the independent foreclosure review and litigation, expenses in the quarter were $13.3 billion versus $12.9 billion in the third quarter and $14.7 billion a year ago. The $400 million increase from the third quarter reflects the normal seasonal trend and represented non-personnel costs. FTE at the end of the quarter was down approximately 5,000 from the third quarter and 15,000 from a year ago.
An important driver behind the reduction of $1.4 billion in expenses from fourth quarter a year ago is New BAC, which we have discussed with you several times. If you remember, total annual cost savings targeted with New BAC are $8 billion per year, or $2 billion on a quarterly basis, which we said we would hit sometime in mid-2015. In the fourth quarter, we achieved approximately $900 million of the $2 billion, which is 45% of our target. As a reminder, the first quarter every year includes the annual retirement eligible stock compensation, which was $900 million in the first quarter of 2012 and this year, we expect will be a similar amount plus or minus.
While we are talking about expenses, let me comment on taxes. Tax expense for the quarter was a benefit of $2.6 billion consisting of the expected tax benefit of the pretax loss, our recurring tax preference items and the $1.3 billion primarily related to the non-US restructurings. For 2013, we estimate the effective tax rate to be somewhere around 30%, including $800 million or so for another expected 2% UK tax rate reduction, which we would expect in the third quarter.
If we switch to overall credit quality on slide 24, provision was $2.2 billion versus $1.8 billion in the third quarter as lower charge-offs were more than offset by lower release. Overall credit quality trends continue to be positive even when we normalize for the events in the third quarter. If you'll recall, regulators provided new guidance to the industry in the third quarter of this year around loans discharged as part of a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, which resulted in increased net charge-offs of $478 million in the third quarter.
In addition, we incurred charge-offs of $435 million in the third quarter in connection with the National Mortgage settlement. We did not have impacts to net charge-offs of a similar magnitude in the fourth quarter, but did have $73 million related to the completion of the implementation of the regulatory guidance. Excluding these items, net charge-offs were down $178 million, or 6%.
We believe most portfolios are close to stabilization and overall reserve reductions are expected to continue but at reduced levels. Given our outlook for a slow growth but healthy economy, we believe provision expense in 2013 will range between $1.8 billion and $2.2 billion per quarter, the levels experienced between the second and fourth quarters of 2012. Excluding the fully insured portfolio, 30 plus day performing delinquencies continue to drop. NPAs were down $1.4 billion from the third quarter and $4.2 billion from a year ago. On the commercial side, reservable criticized levels showed a decline of 8% from the third quarter and 42% from a year ago.
Before we open up for questions, let me say and reiterate Brian's comments that we feel very good about our accomplishments in 2012. We improved the balance sheet, we managed risk and we addressed significant legacy issues and were successful in reducing certain of our exposures. We have stepped up our focus on growing the business and some of that focus is evident this quarter when you look at deposit growth across the franchise, loan growth in the Global Bank, solid Investment Banking results and in GWIM, strong deposit AUM and loan flows.
We enter 2013 all about moving the ball forward and winning in the marketplace with what we think is the best banking franchise in the world. And with that, let me go ahead and open it up for questions.