Question_1:

    Great, thanks. In February you changed your FBA fulfillment fees. Any comments on how this affected third party sales and what was the overall merchant response? And then just quickly, any update on your latest plans for new fulfillment centers in 2013? Thanks.

Question_2:

    Great, thanks.

Question_3:

    Thanks. Tom, the international segment sales growth of 21%  continues to show modest deceleration and I think with the exception of 4Q it has been trailing US growth. And I understand that AWS is mostly booked in the US so that is a piece of the delta. But you have talked in the past quarters about the investments in international driving margin to these breakeven levels in international. I was wondering if you could just talk through the deceleration in the revenue growth in those markets and whether that is comp related, Europe macro or otherwise?
And then secondly, shipping cost on a net basis is again leveraging, I think that is the second consecutive quarter. I just wonder if you could refresh us in terms of when the accounting change occurred in terms of the shipping revenue calculation for FBA to just understand if that is an organic number now. Thank you.

Question_4:

    Thank you.

Question_5:

    Thanks. Just a broad question on demand, this kind of midteens at the low-end revenue growth that you have been kind of guiding to for a quarter or two now, that would seem well below the average that you've seen in the past. Are there any other factors you would want to call out or specifically not call out?
Do you think that things like the imposition of state sales taxes are having a near-term drag on growth rates? Last quarter I think you talked about consumer electronics at the high-end. Are there any particular categories there you would want to call out as maybe driving that low that could produce the low-end of the range outside of negative FX? Thanks, Tom.

Question_6:

    Thank you, Tom.

Question_7:

    Are there any factors that are impacting the unit growth, particularly the shift from physical to digital? For instance a rented video versus purchasing a video? Or are there any other factors that you would highlight that are impacting the unit growth?

Question_8:

    Thanks.

Question_9:

    Thanks, guys. A question on the -- a follow-up question on the shipping. So just your shipping cost, not your net shipping margin, but just shipping cost relative to gross profit declined about 300 basis points, similar to what you have seen over the past four quarters. So as you start to comp some of these efficiency gains that you are seeing in shipping, do you think that line will continue to show leverage or is it going to start to level out from here? Thanks.

Question_10:

    A question on Web services. I wonder if you can comment on enterprise-level adoption and whether there are any meaningful barriers to that happening over time. We noticed you have been pretty aggressive in hiring enterprise-level salespeople. Thanks.

Question_11:

    Thank you.

Question_12:

    Thanks for taking the question. You have clearly been more aggressive in terms of video content recently and you are sort of leading with it more in the release tonight in terms of the business content. I was hoping you could just add some more color here on the value that you think that TV and movie content adds to consumers' overall purchase patterns? Thanks.

Question_13:

    Thank you.

Question_14:

    I was wondering if you could help us a little bit about the Kindle ecosystem. On prior calls a few years ago you singled it out as a fast growth area and you were very happy with the performance. We haven't heard as much about it lately. Kind of the impact part of how units are doing against your expectations and then the impact it is having on Prime subs and also your gross and operating margins? Thank you.

Question_15:

    And any impact on your gross or operating margins that you want to call out?

Question_16:

    Thank you.

Question_17:

    Good afternoon. We are hearing reports that there is refrigeration equipment going into some of your fulfillment centers outside of the Seattle area. Just wondering if you can update us on plans to expand AmazonFresh? Thanks.

Question_18:

    Anything you can say in terms of how much Amazon is in video as well as potentially your own in-house produced content currently helps and should in the future help reduce churn in Amazon Prime? Thanks.

Question_19:

    I was just hoping you could maybe provide a little bit more color on the unit growth deceleration. And looking back over the last four quarters it seems like about 500 basis points or so each quarter of deceleration. You had about 200 basis points here which is an improvement, but anything you would say just to any signs of maturity in some of the businesses and maybe where that deceleration is specifically coming from? Thank you.

Question_20:

    Great, thanks. Just a question on the Amazon advertising platform. Given the immense amount of purchase data you have on Amazon customers, how is that being used as a competitive advantage and maybe just provide an overall view on the direction of the Amazon ad platform over time?

Question_21:

    Thanks. I am just wondering what you are seeing in terms of the attach rate of your transactional video on demand business versus usage of Prime instant video. I am wondering just if your consumers tend to choose between the two when they are making a selection. Or does one sort of drive the other? Does a Prime subscriber have a higher transactional VOD attach rate than a non-Prime? So it would be helpful to hear what you are seeing there in terms of usage.

Question_22:

    Okay, thank you very much. Two quick questions please. Going back to the international question, what it causing international media to decelerate? I think last year Q1 I think it was up 22%, FX adjusted this quarter it was up 7%. Is it all macro or are there any maybe other factors that you can talk about maybe specific to SKUs or something?
And the other is more of a clarification. I know last quarter you gave the unit growth in aggregate versus the unit growth of 3P. I was wondering if you could give that to us as well.

Question_23:

    I was hoping you could comment on the market entry and expansion strategy for Amazon in Brazil. There seemed to be a tremendous amount of press last year about it and it seems to have died down to some degree. I know the Company may already be there with Amazon Web Services and some Kindle offerings, but when do you think that might get a little bit broader?
And secondly, there have been some stories recently about an Internet streaming device box, a set-top box, something of the sort. Can you comment on any new hardware form factors including that plus some sort of a cell phone or handset that might be coming down the pike? Anything to look forward to in the Kindle family or related? Thanks.

Question_24:

    Thanks. Can you give us a little more color around customer growth? I mean, that number has been slowing not dramatically, but that is a slowing trend? Are you focused more on higher value customers to drive the business and any color around the quarter would be helpful? Thanks.

Question_25:

    Thank you.

