Answer_1:

    So the main value proposition for the Facebook app is helping people share any type of content that they want with any audience that matters to them, right? So you can go from text to photo to video, from small groups to larger groups, from your friends to everyone in the world, and that's always been where the Facebook app has excelled. There have been different experiences that are more focused on specific things, but with a strong technological foundation supporting all of these different use cases, the Facebook app has always supported people using all of them. Now the biggest trend that we see in consumer behavior is definitely video, right? And there's a strong technological underpinning for that, which is that if you go back 5 years, you try to watch a video on your phone, it would probably have to buffer for a minute or so before you'd actually get to watch it, which wasn't a good experience. And if you wanted to upload a video, like whether it's a longer video like what you post to News Feed or a 10-second story like what you'd post on any of the apps, I mean, even that might take 30 seconds to upload, so it wasn't a good experience. So now as the technology on the network level improves to support that, what we're seeing is the ability to serve what is a large amount of demand for what's a very engaging type of content. And that demand flows across social content like we're seeing in Stories and feed to clearly a huge amount of public content. I mean, Pages are engaging in this and some of the trends that Dave just talked about for just a lot of video behavior across the platform.

Answer_2:

    Well, on Messenger, there are 2 basic things that we're doing. One is we're starting to put some ads into the product just to see the basic parameters around how that performs, how people like the ads or don't, how they work for businesses and just try to get an understanding of that. So we're starting to run that across the world. But as Dave said, even though we're starting to roll that out in a lot of places, the volume starts off pretty small. The biggest strategic thing that we really need to do in messaging right now is make it so that people organically interact with businesses, and that that is a good interaction both for people and for the businesses. So here's one way to think about this. If you're a business and you have a higher ROI for interacting with a person in your messaging thread than you do on the mobile web or trying to get them to install an app, then that creates this positive feedback loop where you're going to point your ads towards the Messenger thread, you're going to invest more of your engineering resources in building out the content and experience around the Messenger thread. So we're currently working on making it so that, that is the highest ROI thing. I think we're making progress there. It's not that we're going to crack every market at once, but in some, I think we're definitely getting there. We're getting some positive feedback from the market. But once we start to achieve that in more and more verticals, I think that that's going to start unlocking a lot of behavior, and a lot of businesses are going to want to push more interactions to happen there, which I think will really be the foundation for building that into a big business.

Answer_3:

    Yes. And, Ralph, it's Dave. I would just add that with messaging monetization, this is early, and it's not a near-term overall Facebook growth driver. And much like Instagram in its early days, we're going to be cautious. But unlike Instagram, this isn't a feed product, so there are just -- there are more unknowns here.

Answer_4:

    So it's pretty early for ads in Stories. And I think the way people largely think about this is this is another way of using the Facebook ad system, including our targeting and measurement capabilities, to create ads that are great creatives that can reach people. So the fully immersive format with the targeting and optimization of Facebook ads is a pretty unmatched opportunity. We also have a huge opportunity within Instagram, and obviously, the use of ads in Instagram is much, much bigger than the use of ads in Stories. The way we think about this is we're trying to help marketers reach their customers, both their existing and their new customers effectively, and we think it's the combination of all these offerings that really are the strength of our business and explains why we can continue to grow. So within one interface, we're working with one sales rep. If you're a large company or a small company, you can buy Facebook. You can buy Instagram. You can buy Audience Network. You can buy the different ad formats within Facebook and Instagram. And that means that you have multiple targeting opportunities, multiple opportunities and even opportunities to see who engages in an ad in one place and then reinvest to continue the conversation with those customers. So we think all of these things work together, and these new formats fit in really nicely with the ad system we built, which underlies all of the opportunity.

Answer_5:

    So we're really happy that our growth has been really strong across our verticals, and that continues to be the case. Our top verticals are pretty consistent in e-commerce, CPG, entertainment, media, retail and gaming. For the most part, when we build products, we build them to work for all verticals and you see us do that. So being able to upload your catalog of products can be used no matter what your product lists are. We do build vertical-specific ad products when they are necessary, so dynamic ads for travel, for example, as you mentioned, being an example. I think the heaviest lifting of the work we do is really helping marketers in different verticals focus on the right metrics, which are the sales metrics. Because, for too long, our industry has been focused on proxy metrics, how long someone viewed a video, even brand lift, measurements we care about. But these are all proxy metrics. What really matters is you see an ad and you buy a product. You see an ad, and you drive a car off a lot. You see an ad, and you order a service. And so there's very different processes with these different verticals in terms of helping them understand their own purchasing data so that we can connect our ads to their ultimate purchases. We believe that's one of the most important things that we've been very, very focused on, and we have a long way to go. And part of the results you see from us in different verticals are actually explained by the ability of us to help those marketers measure sales at the end of the day. The more that we can tie ad viewing to sales, the stronger our case is with our clients. And so we need to do a lot of work around the measurement with different verticals.

Answer_6:

    So a lot of the themes around building community and bringing people closer together have been underscored by a lot of experiences that I've had traveling around. And I've tried to write about them. I don't write about each visit that I make on Facebook, but it's been really striking to me, when you talk to folks in a lot of different communities, how important local institutions and their local communities are for supporting people there. And there's been a clearly documented trend across the world of declining membership in a lot of different kinds of communities, and I think that that's an important problem that is eating at the social fabric not only of our country but around the world that I hope that we can play a role in addressing. And that's not something that we can do directly, but I believe that we can empower people who want to build local communities and want to play a leadership role in their local community to have the tools that they need. And I think if we can do that, then you start bringing people together at a local level. And when people feel more comfortable in their lives at a local level, then I also think that, that helps bring people and bring the world closer together at a global level, too. So that all has been underscored by a lot of the visits and what I've seen as well as a lot of the research that we've done at Facebook, and it's all reflected in the new mission.

Answer_7:

    Doug, it's Dave. I don't think there's anything that's really fundamentally changed. We're tightening the range to 40% to 45% expense growth due to better visibility. We remain solidly in investment mode, and if anything, we're finding new opportunities to invest in. From the perspective of hiring growth, I'd really point to the fact that we've been consistently accelerating hiring so far in 2017, and I pointed to the fact that we expect to accelerate hiring in the back half of the year as well. And this quarter was the biggest recruiting quarter in terms of net hires ever for Facebook. We're continuing to invest in a number of key areas, hiring engineers to drive the 3-, 5- and 10-year priorities. We're going to be investing in content to help build a platform for content producers to find an audience and monetize. We are also continuing to invest in areas like community operations and other areas. So we remain solidly in investment mode from a total expense point of view. On CapEx, we still expect to be within the range of $7 billion to $7.5 billion, and we're investing aggressively in our data center footprint to support the global growth that we see. So I think across-the-board, we're investing heavily. On headcount, I would just point out that our payroll growth tends to lag headcount growth because headcount is an end-of-period number, so the acceleration that we're seeing in 2017 will obviously play out in 2018 as well.

Answer_8:

    Yes. I don't think we're sharing detailed stats on engagement by messaging platform. They're obviously both critical platforms. Both have over 1.2 million monthly actives, and WhatsApp has demonstrated significant engagement with crossing 1 billion daily actives. So I think that indicates the engagements that you have on that platform. There are different geographies where the messaging platforms are stronger, and depending on that, that shifts our priorities in different ways. But overall, from a monetization perspective, I think the strategy there is clear. We're focused on growing the user base first and foremost, and then secondly, it's about building organic connections between businesses to -- and consumers. And then third, it's about how do we build monetization around those relationships. And I think, there, we're further along with Messenger than we are with WhatsApp. And so I think you see us rolling out the global data there with ads. So I think we'll watch and learn from that, and as we learn things, we can apply them in other areas.

Answer_9:

    I can share a little bit about it. Then, Mark would want to jump in on any other color. I mean, I would say, as I mentioned, Justin, in my commentary, as people spend more time with video and more time is going to video, that is going to have a limiting factor to how much time they spend in News Feed. And so that's going to have an impact on impression rate growth. So there is, in that sense, a cannibalistic effect of sorts that happens there. But what Mark alluded to is video is where people -- as networks improve and devices improve and our products improve, video is the most engaging experience that we can offer. And so we're seeing consumers adopting that, and we're building products for them. In terms of the types of content, I think we're looking at a wide variety of content from -- of course, at the core is people sharing experiences in their lives as that's at the base of what we offer in terms of bringing the world closer together. It's just it's that community content. But then there's opportunities for semiprofessional and professional content, and we're exploring things around the platform of making sure that we're a platform where professional content providers can come find an audience and then also monetize that audience.

Answer_10:

    I think  got it.

Answer_11:

    I mean, to the first question, we're going to build the services that we think are useful. Some of them are going to be platforms, and some of them are going to be apps and different things on top of platforms that other folks build. But fundamentally, we're trying to serve our community the best we can, and we'll do that across all these platforms.

Answer_12:

    Yes. And in terms of ad load growth, I pointed to the fact that we continue to expect that ad load will be a less significant factor in the remainder of 2017. And that's certainly the case. That starts in Q3 but there's a number of other factors that I also pointed to, including the desktop, lapping some of the efforts we made on desktop in terms of unblocking or working against the ad blocking technologies. And so that has a factor on desktop growth. And then, of course, I talked about video and our focus on driving and serving the consumer demand for video. And that's also leading to a potentially lower impression growth as well.

Answer_13:

    Well, that is just one study, and I don't want to overstate its importance in how we sell ads. We make the case to our clients that consumers are moving to mobile and that they need to move to mobile. And not that mobile should replace all of their other advertising, but responsible marketers with great companies large and small, they'll advertise on TV and they advertise on mobile and they advertise in other places. Our goal is to be the best dollar and the best minute anyone spends. And the case we make is that we want them to take advantage of the opportunity that is mobile and the opportunity for the targeting we offer and the measurement we offer. I think what has taken us time and continues to take us time is we need to convince marketers to make mobile-first video, video and other ad formats. We talk a lot about how the first TV ads were people reading their radio ads in front of microphones. And we're still in the case that when people go to put an ad on mobile, they often will take an ad that's really produced for TV and put it on mobile. And those work, and they can work well. But they do not work as well as ads that are natively mobile like the Tropicana example I shared in my earlier comment. Mobile ads, when they're video, are shorter. The brand comes in faster. They tell a story that doesn't evolve but really gets you to understand the brand and the offering really quickly. We talk about it as Thumb-Stopping Creative. And so the work we have cut out for us is to help marketers and working with their agencies evolve the format of the ads so that they're optimized for mobile, optimized for Facebook, optimized for Instagram. I think we're making progress, but we have a long way to go there.

Answer_14:

    Sure. So we're currently going through the process of figuring out what we want to invest in over the next year and doing our long-range planning. And this is certainly one of the areas where I think we want to be investing a lot more in and believe that there's a big opportunity and can accelerate all the effort. I do think, as you say, this is one of the rare times in business where you can look at messaging platforms that exist and see how they've successfully monetized in other parts of the world and have that be a floor. I mean, I think that, over time, we should be able to do better, but that at least provides this existence proof that despite -- regardless of what our internal logic is of what we're doing, that someone has done it. So that gives us some degree of confidence there in addition to our own execution on other things. But I think there's a pretty clear playbook that we have here of, first, building up the consumer usage, then building up the organic person-to-business interaction, making sure it works for both people and businesses, and then once you have that, the quality of those interactions is really what contributes the scale of how much you can grow it. We've seen this in News Feed, too. One of the factors that's contributed to ad load over time is the quality of the ads, where if ad quality was low, we wouldn't be able to put as many ads in because people wouldn't want them. But in a lot of markets around the world, we see that ad quality is increasing at a very fast rate, and that makes it so that, in a lot of times, people ask for the content, which, of course, creates a very different dynamic. So we need to get to that in messaging, and there's -- because messaging really started from this place of people communicating one to one with each other and now adding all these other uses, it's just a lot of investment and a lot of different functionality that needs to get at it. But for all the reasons that I've said here around our own experience doing this in other context with Facebook and Instagram proof points in the market of how it's worked, I think, over the long term, I'm pretty confident that we will get there. And we -- it's our job to just go do that.

Answer_15:

    Yes. And I would just add, we don't know at what level that is, right? So we're more -- we had more experience with fee-based product, so we kind of know how those play out. And so we're -- this is in very much early days mode.

Answer_16:

    On the Messenger ads, I think the way we think about it is, as Mark said, we have a lot of work to do to work on the format that. This is not a fee-based product. And this is a messaging product, so it's a different consumer format. And we believe that the ad format should follow the consumer format, so it's really integrated as part of the experience. And that's where we have a lot of work to do. We do think that the advertiser base and the targeting measurement we offer, once we figure out the format, will be a very considerable advantage. We already have 5 million advertisers on Facebook, 1 million advertisers on Instagram, and one of the reasons we were able to scale into Instagram ads more quickly is because we were building off of the Facebook advertiser base. And similarly, the work we've done in Facebook and Instagram and Audience Network will help us expand to Messenger. What we really want to emphasize, especially since there are so many questions on Messenger monetization on this call, that we're going to be slow and deliberate. We are always looking at the long run. We do not manage this company quarter to quarter. We protect the consumer product and the consumer engagement. Messaging is really strategically important for the company, and the long-term engagement with our users and the organic feel of the engagement with businesses and consumers is where we'll be focused. So it's early days this year, and it's going to continue to be early days for a while.

Answer_17:

    So yes, on the OpEx guide, clearly, the biggest driver there is going to be the accelerating headcount growth. In addition, I mentioned video content as being a driver. And then also, we're just supporting the global growth of the platform. We continue to see growth in users. We continue to see growth in time spent per DAU across the Facebook family of apps and Facebook, and we're bringing more data centers online and the like towards that growth. So those will start hitting cost of revenue with depreciation. So there's going to be a variety of contributions to that growth, but like you mentioned, I would point to both headcount specifically in R&D. R&D headcount grew 48% year-over-year in Q2, and that's going to be a key driver along with the content layering in.

Answer_18:

    On ad breaks, we're currently really just testing the ability to put a short ad break in uploaded videos. We do it if a video is longer than 90 seconds or live videos are longer than 4 minutes. We're just in the process right now of expanding to more publishers in the United States, so it's really early. In terms of the metrics we're looking for, it's a great question. And obviously, we care that people view the ads, but the most important thing is tying those ads impressions, even if they're short views, all the way through to that same purchase data that we keep talking about. And so as we work on rolling out more ad breaks, and we are rolling out slowly, we're really focused on finding ways to help marketers measure the right things, and that's a very important focus for the company going forward.

Answer_19:

    And then, Mark, you were asking about video and its impacts on pricing growth. I would probably step back and look at it from an overall system perspective. And so starting with the supply side, there's a variety of factors that'll impact impression growth, and I mentioned slower ad growth and then increasing video watch time as being 2 of them. And given there's an auction that drives the pricing in how we run the business, there's always an interplay between supply growth and pricing growth. And to the extent -- and so what we're really focused on, right, is driving better ROI for our advertisers. And Sheryl alluded to it in her earlier commentary about if we get better at converting our impressions into things that are valuable for advertisers, we get more efficient in doing that, we'll be rewarded with better pricing and higher demand at better pricing as a result of that hard work. That doesn't necessarily specifically pertain just to video. It really is across-the-board. So if we're effective at continuing to do that, then that should benefit pricing growth. And if we can grow demand faster than we grow supply, then we're going to see that play through in price. And that's really the goal of a lot of the hard work that the ads team does to make our products better and more effective for advertisers.

Answer_20:

    Yes. I don't think there's any -- I would really just kind of point to the overall dynamics of the system. And again, what we're seeing is, with slower supply growth, that's going to play out to higher pricing and again, are we effective? And we've been effective at delivering good return on investment for our advertisers and getting better at converting what we have as inventory into what they care about as outcome. And that, from a systemic point of view, is what's playing through there. From a product perspective, as we get things like Dynamic Product Ads rolled out, those are incredibly valuable as we connect more advertisers with those and bring more data into the system, and we can get more of the impressions that are very highly targeted and very relevant, then we'll be rewarded with better pricing. As we can expand that out into things like Lookalike, we've talked a lot about on this call, that basically takes some of that really good targeting and extends that into a much bigger audience. And then we can get more impressions at better value because we're really connecting that with end results that the advertisers value. So it's really those types of -- all that type of work that we do to get the system better and better. And so we're constantly working to get better penetration of these key ad products. In terms of the supply side, obviously, News Feed is incredibly valuable because it's very present for the consumer. And we've improved the quality of the ads in News Feed, and so that's another driver from the supply side.

Answer_21:

    It's really too early to understand the impact of the ads on consumers because there aren't enough of them and they haven't been rolled out for long enough. In terms of the bots, what we really think about is our business is in people making useful connections on both sides, on Messenger or any platform. If the connection is useful for marketers' businesses and useful for people, then it will grow. And we're open to automated bots being useful. We're open to other forms of things being useful. I think when you think about what bucket of spend that is in, which is a question we get, it really is both marketing spend and any other spend companies have where they're reaching their customers of which, if you think about marketing spend and customer service spend, marketing spend is way bigger because marketing spend grows as you can grow sales, and customer service spend is something that people generally try to minimize. So the way we think about it is we want to grow the organic connections, whether they're automated or whether they're personalized, and make sure that, that is growing the business of our customers.

Answer_22:

    Well, when we think about any regulatory issues, GDPR or anything else, we respect local laws and regulations, and we have to work really closely with regulators to make sure they understand our business practices, understand how we contribute to economic growth in their countries and understand the steps we take and continue to take to protect privacy. Certainly, regulation is always an area of focus that we work hard to make sure that we are explaining our business clearly and making sure regulators know the steps we take to protect privacy as well as making sure that we're in compliance. When you think about the metrics question you asked, how we think about what is I think -- what I think you're asking about is third-party verification. We're very interested in making sure that marketers can verify or measure outcomes through third parties, and that's why we're working to actively expand those partnerships.

Answer_23:

    I'll take this. So there have been a number of questions about Messenger, and in general, we're seeing a -- I'm happy with the rate of growth in the experiences of -- that we're seeing on Messenger. But if there's one message here that I think is actually important to say, it's that we're trying to communicate that the pace of growing the Messenger business, it's a longer-term thing. I actually think in the -- over the next couple of years or a few years, the much bigger driver of the business and determinant of how we do is going to be video, not Messenger. Messenger, I think, is a really important thing and WhatsApp over a 3- to 5-year period, and we're investing a lot in it. I think it's a huge opportunity. But as has been noted on the call, video is both at large scale and the economics are quite different from what the current fee-based businesses that we have today, especially around how -- with mid-roll ads and rev share around that, the margin structure will be different. So I mean, one of the big questions that we're focused on as we build this out, we're very committed to building it out because it's what people in the community want. But one of the big things that we're really very focused on is making sure that we get this right so that even though this business will likely be -- not likely, I think, almost certainly will be a lower-margin source of revenue than the current thing that we do, there's this big question of how incremental is that behavior going to be. And I mean just -- I just want to -- I'm just throwing this context out there because so many of the questions here today have been about Messenger. And I want to make sure on these calls that we do an accurate and a full job of conveying what we're actually thinking about as a business and what we think the outlook is going to be. And I think that those questions around video, which, I mean, I'm optimistic about, but there are real questions there that we need to manage well, is going to be a much bigger driver of the business over the next 2 to 3 years likely even than the trajectory of what we're doing on Messenger and WhatsApp.

Answer_24:

    And, Lloyd, you asked about why the good work that we've done so far in basically providing value for advertisers, that's playing through into price. Look, that's not just happening. That's a bunch of hard work that goes into making our ads more targeted, that makes the outcomes that advertisers get more valuable. We're going to continue to work to do that, and we're going to continue to invest in making improvements in the ad products. But yes, there's -- and we think there are great opportunities to continue to make improvements to ROI. But obviously, if you have rising prices, it's going to make that work against an upstream trend, so we need to continue to work hard to deliver more value for advertisers in the face of that. So we've got our work cut out for us, and we think we've got a great team working on that -- on those challenges.

Answer_25:

    Well, this is certainly something that I'm really excited about longer term. I think it not only does it have the possibility of being the next major computing platform, AR and VR together, but I think it has the possibility of being much more social and intuitive and natural than some of the devices that we have today, whether they're computers or phones. So that's why I'm really excited about that. When you think about AR glasses, the technology and science to build an experience that would be both comfortable to wear and something that people would actually want to wear out in public, that doesn't exist yet, right? So there's a lot of foundational work that needs to get done there. That's partially why I'm excited about doing the VR work because it doesn't have that constraint. You're not wearing VR out in public. But also recently, I think one of the things that we've seen is that there are a lot of AR experiences on mobile, right? So the work that we started talking about at F8 that we are releasing slowly over the course of the year is certainly one of the precursors for building up that ecosystem that I'm excited about. But I mean, look, if I was just saying that video is going to be the primary driver or one of the big drivers over the next few years and Messenger maybe after that, I think AR is quite far down the road. But when you're running an operation and serving people of this scale, I think you have a responsibility to invest in all these things that are downstream that could help shape and improve people's lives because I don't think that there are that many other folks in the world who will. So I think that that's a thing that we take seriously, whether it's connectivity and making sure that people actually all around the world get to enjoy and benefit from the opportunities that the Internet has or the improvements that come from AI, or eventually upgrading the computing platforms that we all get to use. This stuff just doesn't happen automatically. And someone in the world needs to focus on building it, and we want to play a role in that.

Answer_26:

    Great. Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again.

