Question_1:

    Hi Tom, I was hoping you could maybe just lay out for us what do you think the main reasons are for the acceleration in growth here in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. And then I have a specific question on Prime Pantry. Is one of the motivations to get the customer on that program, it might make it easier to convert them to AmazonFresh? And if so, would you want to run this operation as a breakeven like you do with Kindle to enable a bigger business? Thanks.

Question_2:

    Thanks for taking the question. On the famous drone interview that Jeff had with Charlie Rose, he said something that caught my attention, which was that every elasticity study that you do says that Amazon should be raising prices.
I have two questions around that. The first is does that equation also work in reverse? Meaning that if higher questions don't dampen demand, does it also mean that lower prices don't stimulate demand like they used to?

Question_3:

    Okay, thanks for that.

Question_4:

    I have two quick questions about AWS. First I think everyone would agree that AWS is a vast opportunity. So given how large the opportunity is, why is it that you are not hiring more people, launching more products, and growing faster? What are the limiting factors for growth of AWS?
Second, you have a long history of cutting prices for a few specific AWS products, but you did something somewhat unusual in late March when you cut prices across EC2 and S3 products in one shot. Why did you only cut your prices after Google cut theirs? Thank you.

Question_5:

    Can you walk us through the process on how you think about and how you model how much you're willing to pay for exclusive content such as video or video game content? And then another question, is it fair for us to assume that the business model of the Kindle Fire TV is similar to what Bezos has said regarding selling other hardware at roughly breakeven, and then making money only if consumers use it? Thanks.

Question_6:

    Then on Kindle Fire TV?

Question_7:

    Wondering if you noticed any change in signups or conversions in the few weeks here since you've rolled out the Prime price increase for new customers, and if you could maybe comment on what may have contributed to the deceleration in year-on-year growth in Media sales in North America. Thanks.

Question_8:

    Thanks for taking the question. Tom, I was just hoping you could give us your view on units growth and how you think about that going forward. How important of a metrics it is, because we're seeing somewhat of a decoupling here as revenue and gross profit reaccelerated, but units obviously decelerated as media came down. Can you talk a little bit about that? Thank you.

Question_9:

    I have two. The first one, just Tom to go back to the unit question, even if we exclude North America and International Other from gross profit. Gross profit held in there pretty steady at 28%. Just kind of curious, is there anything that we should think about of why gross profit growth and unit growth is decoupling? And is unit growth a really good way to measure the health of the business?
And then the second one is on International Media. One of the factors you guys have flagged in the past holding back International Media is more limited local language content. Can you just help us better quantify the difference in English language digital content compared to foreign language? And what steps are your taking to improve that?

Question_10:

    Are there any other puts and takes we should think about in units as we go throughout the year where there are tough compares or easy compares of units from a digital unit perspective or anything?

Question_11:

    Okay, great. Thanks.

Question_12:

    Regarding Fulfillment, does it make sense for you to bring some of the components in-house? We've been hearing talk of your own fulfillment network. Can you make any comments on this? And just to follow up on your digital units point, can you comment on any impact of recent shifts in music and video consumption to subscription based models, from download to own on your Media business? Is that having any impact? Thanks.

Question_13:

    All right. Thank you.

Question_14:

    Tom, we look back at your model and we go back to '08 and '09 in the middle of a pretty bad global recession, you were able to put up 7.3% and 7.4% operating margins in Europe, I'm sorry International. And now it looks like you're losing money and maybe for the whole year.
Could you talk about some of the drivers that are driving the losses this quarter internationally? What the company's patience for losses are internationally. And when you come out of this, how your business will be different and what your margin outlook is for the International profits. Thank you.

Question_15:

    Thank you.

Question_16:

    Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask on the decision process that you went through when raising the Prime membership fee. I know you talked about potentially doing $20 to $40. What factors did you look at in deciding on the $20? And related to that, with the deleveraging of shipment costs happening a little bit, was weather an impact on that or is that just the business and how it's trending?

Question_17:

    Just on the shipment costs deleveraging in the first quarter a little bit. Did weather or something else have an impact, or is that just the trend of the business given the growth rate of shipments?

Question_18:

    Hi, guys, thanks for taking the question. This is Andrew on for Ron. A quick question around streaming volumes in UK and Germany now that Lovefilm is bundled with Prime. Do you have any comment?

Question_19:

    Great, thanks. Obviously, a lot of focus on pricing in AWS. But you're clearly still seeing accelerating growth despite those cuts. Could you provide some context on the volume side of that equation? Whether it's just growth in customers or workloads or some way to sort of frame the other side of things outside of just pricing in AWS.

Question_20:

    Great. And just on the AWS side with the sort of nationalistic concerns that we're seeing around stored data, does that change at all the way that the AWS team is thinking about infrastructure needs for that business or the way that you might be thinking about capex.

Question_21:

    Great. Thanks Tom.

Question_22:

    Thank you very much. Two quick questions please. First, the HBO deal seems like a seminal event for Prime Video in terms of quality and probably the price bit as well. Is this the first of many potentially large deals you're intent on getting for the platform? Or was this more of an opportunistic transaction that just came your way. And second, just on the P&L can you just clarify where that $60 million in investment gains came from, please?

Question_23:

    Is exclusivity an important consideration for you now?

Question_24:

    Thanks.

Question_25:

    Hi Tom, wanted to really ask two related questions. First following up on the international discussion from before. I was wondering if you could prioritize where the investments are going on the international side between fulfillment, media buildout, geography buildout, et cetera. And then related, I haven't seen any discussion on what's happening on the domestic fulfillment buildout this year. I was wondering if you could comment on that as well?

Question_26:

    Let me ask it a different way, if you look at pricing, if you look at infrastructure, if you look at geography, is there one bucket that tends to trump the others?

Question_27:

    Fair enough. And on domestic fulfillment?

Question_28:

    Okay. Thank you.

Question_29:

    Thanks for taking the question. A question about your advertising business. There's been a lot of movement by Google to push PLAs as a product to sellers. I want to know longer term as you guys think about on both advertising on Amazon, and also to give out advertising in a way that would allow sellers to bring traffic back to their own websites that might avail themselves of Amazon's advertising data and user data to help enable those sales. Thank you.

Question_30:

    Thanks, Tom. Two questions, please. The International Media you talked about the I guess the digitization catchup or whatever of International Media. Could you break that down a little bit further? Are there certain categories, i.e., books versus videos, versus music, that one of those is dragging internationally.
What is it that needs to happen for that digital shift to occur? Do you need more rights, do you just need more devices in the market? What is the drag there?
And then in terms of the operating income guidance you're very consistent how you guided the last couple of years; it seems like you're guiding for more of a sequential decline in operating income in June quarter than you have the last two years. Is that just a different type of seasonality to the business, or are there new near-term investments that you're making in the June quarter? Thank you.

Question_31:

    Thanks, Tom.

Question_32:

    Hey, guys. If you don't mind I'll beat the dead horse on the international question. But specifically around China, can you just give us an update on the overall strategy for China? Are the levels of investments going into the country accelerating or are they just stable? And then what kinds of milestones in terms of market share or customer adoption do you guys track to identify success or return on that investment? Thanks.

Question_33:

    First just one clarification on the AWS question. Given the comments that customers would see hundreds of millions of dollars of savings in Q2 from the price cuts, I just want to understand or clarify if we should be expecting moderating growth rate in the other segments, at least temporarily?
And then lastly just Amazon's position on the ability of ISPs to add a toll for fastlane network access. Is this a scenario a situation that would change the company's approach or strategy with regards to video or is this more of a non-factor for you guys? Thanks.

Question_34:

    Just a couple questions. One on customer adds, you didn't add as many new customer accounts as you did in Q1 2013. And so I assume based on your comments that wasn't related to the price increase around Prime, and so I don't know if you can add any context there.
And then the second question is just around Mobile. Obviously, the mobilization throughout the world is an important trend and you guys haven't talked a lot about it. Wonder if you can give us any context around your strategy there or any metrics.

