Answer_1:

    Thank you for the question. SMBs or SMUs, as they're called in different places around the world, we think are a very core competitive advantage for us. It's prohibitively expensive for most small businesses to reach people digitally. 35% of small businesses in the United States, which is often the most advanced market, don't have a web presence at all, and setting up a mobile app, getting people to find and download a mobile app, can be more expensive.
And so what's happening is that SMBs are turning to Facebook page as their mobile solution. They're free. They're easy to set up, and they already know how to do them because almost all of them are already Facebook users in the first place. And so the on-boarding has been incredibly important and incredibly effective.
We announced last year that we have over 50 million small business pages active on a monthly basis. 80% of those are active on mobile. We then work on helping them use our ad products and upsell them to our paid ad products as well, and we announced this quarter that we hit 3 million active advertisers on Facebook and 200,000 on Instagram.
What's interesting is that what you see is SMBs able to use the tools of some of the biggest brands in the world. So over 2 million SMBs have posted a video both paid and organic in the last month, and that has to be many times the number of SMBs that have shot or played a TV commercial. In terms of measurement, your question's important because it's not just getting them to use our platforms to connect to consumers, it's getting them to be able to measure a result.
And so we've worked hard to build measurement tools into the product, so that when you buy an ad, SMBs in a very easy interface, and decide what their goals are. Are their goals measuring sales, are their goals to visit a website, are their goals a mobile app download, and then measuring all the way through from showing that ad to the purchase.
I continue and we continue to be very bullish on this channel, because we have such a broad base of usage because that usage is so active, and because we're very focused on investing and simplifying our products so that all SMBs can use them.

Answer_2:

    Sure, I'll take the second one first. Our growth was really broad based, and we grew across all of our marketer presence this quarter. That's direct response, brands, SMBs and developers. Our direct response business continues to be very strong. It's very ROI focused, and we continue to invest and roll out products that help people.
So for example, lead ads, where people can fill out forms on a mobile device, take their contacts and throw it on Facebook. We rolled that out fully this quarter. And that enabled people to use Facebook in a very direct-to-response way and we'll continue to invest there.
Video ads are really exciting. It's worth noting that video ads take place of another avenue. These are not all of the revenue , but as consumer engagement with video has continued to grow that creates more and more of an opportunity for video ads. Marketers have always loved video because it's a really compelling way to reach people. And this now you can reach them on mobile all day with those kind of messages.
Importantly, marketers have to adjust sometimes. While the 30 second ad does perform well in news feed, we also have people understanding that some of the formats are different creating shorter ads, creating ads that can work even without sound, more personal ads, has really mattered. One example is Toyota used Facebook for the launch of the Rav4 Hybrid. This was actually in Los Angeles. They used a very broad video to drive brand awareness. They reached over 36 million people in their target demo within three days.
Then, and this is where it gets even more interesting, they retargeted people who watched the video with over 500 personalized video ads which were optimized for Facebook and Instagram. So they were creating a direct response campaign to get people to take specific actions, like requesting a quote and finding a specific dealer. We saw a 14-point lift in ad recall, a 7-point lift in message association. And right now we're using a lift roll to continue to measure their sales for the 30 and 60 days beyond the campaign to see what happens, and we're pretty excited about what that shows in terms of you how video can be used in a really broad based way but also a more personal way.

Answer_3:

    Sure. So part of our playbook for building out these ecosystems to scale is we start with the person-to-person use case, right? So whether that's in Messaging, and people messaging their friends or groups, in news feed before that, it was people posting updates and seeing what was going on with their friends and the people that they care about.
And then the next step is to create organic activity around public entities, right? So whether that's businesses, public figures, like athletes and celebrities and types of folks that people want to interact with, these different platforms, we did that on Facebook and news feeds or pages, and we're working on a number of different ways to do that in messenger. One of those is bots. And one of the good things about bots that we've seen is that it can increase or, sorry, decrease the amount of time that you have to wait before you get a reply back from interacting with a message.
So what we've seen, we've done some research on this. A lot of people everyday in Facebook today are already messaging pages and businesses directly. And the businesses respond. But what we've actually also found is that through some of our AI research, we can look at the responses that businesses give to common questions and can confidently provide the right reply a lot of the time. And when we can do that, then that decreases the latency, and predictably people want to do more of that activity.
So that's one way that I think you're going to see bots work, between people who are actually driving the businesses directly will need to in some way train or answer questions for people, but we can build artificial intelligence that can learn from people how to automate a lot of that and make that experience a lot faster for people who want to interact with businesses and public figures. And of course then after you start building out that segment of businesses and public figures on the platform, then on top of that you have just a good amount of intent in these platforms to build a good business on top of that, that kind of stage-through.

Answer_4:

    So instant articles is all about the quality of the consumer experience. I mean right now for links that are not instant articles, it can be one of the slowest parts of the Facebook app. You're browsing through a news feed, you tap on a link, if you're not on a good connection the content doesn't cache, and it can take 10 or 20 seconds in some cases for that content to load.
And, you know, people in our community, they don't know the difference about whether that content is coming from Facebook or a different place. And they hold us accountable for making their experience quick and we want to do everything we can to do that. So instant articles makes it so that any publisher around the world now can deliver a really great native experience instantly with no latency in loading it, and we're just seeing that people like to engage with that a lot more. So that's what we're most excited about there.

Answer_5:

    The AIPAC question. AIPAC's been growing really well for several quarters now and we're seeing a lot of great adoption as people learn to use the products. One part of the business that I think has been really strong and is worth noting is we're working with marketers in China to help with their export business. So Air China is a good example. They're a popular airline in China. But they don't really have -- they're not really as well-known overseas, and before working with us they really only invested in traditional media.
They had a goal of promoting their new flight routes including one from Mumbai to Beijing and their new aircraft. So they launched a campaign with us in 15 countries globally. They used Regent Frequency and Carousel and video ad targeting and for example, they would target in the US age 18 and above, frequent international travelers, living in cities where they had routes. Or Indian ex-pats living in the US to promote new routes to Mumbai.
They reached 30 million people globally, more than 95% on global. And here's the best part. They had a 73% sales lift in the United States. So our AIPAC business is robust, and I think the global nature of our business is part of driving that.

Answer_6:

    Facebook and Instagram are the two most important mobile ad platforms out there. In the short run, some of the spend is incremental and some isn't. There are people who will have a social budget or a digital budget, and as they move to Instagram some of that will come from Facebook.
In the medium to long run, we believe we can compare very favorably with any other spend we can do because we have this very broad reach on both platforms, plus the ability to target very specifically. So what you're seeing in our results right now, very strong growth for Facebook and very strong growth for Instagram. We hit 3 million advertisers for Facebook. We hit 200,000 for Instagram. And often the platforms really work together.

Answer_7:

    All right. Let's talk about engagement first. So overall sharing is up across Facebook and people are spending more time on Facebook and the whole family of apps, and that is not just the case for the aggregate of the growing community but it's actually also the case on a per person basis as well, in terms of people sharing more and spending more time individually. Now, one of the things that we see is that the way that we are sharing is always changing. And some of this is because of underlying technical transition.
So on desktop, for example, it was easier to type so we saw more text posts. On mobile it's easier to take videos so we see more videos. On desktop people would have more commonly uploaded an album of photos that they took from their digital camera and downloaded onto their computer, whereas on mobile the more common behavior is to take a single photo or a couple and just post those.
There are all these transitions and that's our job, right, is to make it so that we build great tools that people, everyone around the world can share anything that they want with everyone. Now, the other thing that's also true is that people want to share with lots of different kinds of audiences. So Facebook gives you the ability to share with all of your friends and publicly if you want and with groups, but we're also investing in things like Messenger and WhatsApp, because a lot of people want to share increasingly messages, privately, one on one, their with very small groups.
So in addition to Messenger, which is at 900 million people a month and WhatsApp just at more than 1 billion people a month. Facebook groups is also at more than 1 billion people a month, which I think represents the increasing diversity of the different types of audiences that people want to share with.
But you know, ultimately, I think that humans have such a deep desire to express themselves and want to connect with the people around them that I think that all of these audiences and all of these different types of media should grow over time, and it's our job to basically make sure that we build good products and get rid of all of the bugs and make it so the performance is fast, and all the basic stuff works. That way we get there. But in general, right now all the high level trends look pretty positive on that. I think I'll kick it off to Dave to go through your questions about some of the technical pieces about the reclassification.

Answer_8:

    Sure. I guess also, Justin, you had a question on ad load, so I'll do both the ad load and the question on the reclassification. So on ad load it's definitely up from where we were a couple of years ago. I think it's really worth emphasizing that what's enabled us to do that is just improving the quality and the relevance of the ads that we have, and then that's enabled us to show more of them without harming the user experience at all. So that's been really key.
Over time we would expect that ad load growth would be a less significant factor driving overall revenue growth, but we remain confident that we've got opportunities to continue to grow supply through the continued growth in people and engagement on Facebook as well as on our other apps such as Instagram. On the question regarding what would happen to Mark's shares if he were to leave Facebook, I would just kind of refer that the new multi-class capital structure is generally dependent on Mark continuing to maintain an active leadership role at Facebook.
And if you go into the proxy materials, it goes into more detail on how different things would play out under various other scenarios, so I would just refer you to those.

Answer_9:

    So on the acquisition philosophy, I mean, I talked about how I think the social ecosystem will play out an a number of these calls. The basic theory that we have is that there are a small number of services that are going to be ubiquitous utilities that1 billion or 2 billion or more people are going to want to use. That's core, basic messaging, the core functionality around having your real identity and connecting with all of your real friends and family online. Those are things that we just think are going to be ubiquitous.
So we want to build those. At the same time, we also think that there are going to be many, many good businesses and different other social use cases where there are people doing good work and building different companies. We feel no need to own those things. So I think people come up from time to time and suggest, should we buy this company or that and what we look at are what are things that we think are going to be ubiquitous tools and who are the most talented people in the world to build this.
And so when you think about something like virtual and augmented reality, that's how we thought about that. This is -- those are going to be important platforms over time. It's very early, obviously, it's going to take a long time to get there. And a lot of what we felt like we were buying there was a critical mass of the best people and the best technology to go do all the things that we needed to go do over the next 10 years to drive that home and turn that into a big platform.
And then you asked a question about virtual and augmented reality, what are going to be the big use cases. I mean, you know for the first few years of virtual reality I think gaming and video are going to be the big ones. The initial market that we look at are all the people who have X-Boxes, PlayStations and Wii U's use, right? The people who are excited to have an immerse media experience sitting in their living room for a long period of time, and that's a pretty big market.
And even though that's not all of what we hope to eventually serve, and that's not the full potential of these new platforms, I think that is one case where you can obviously deliver better and richer experiences than what you can with the current generation of technology. Video is going really well. I shared a stat before in some of my comments that on Gear VR alone we're now at more than 2 million hours of video, have been watched in the platform. So that's really exciting.
And that of course will be bolstered by the fact that these new kind of 360 videos cannot only be watched in VR, so in the headsets, but we're building tools so you can share them on news feed and through our products elsewhere as well. So I think that's exciting. Over time there will be even more. But that I think should be enough to have some initial use.
But again, I do want to really emphasize this is early and it's going to take a long time. And I know there's a lot of hype around this, and we're just focused on building this to be very good over the long term.

Answer_10:

    And then you asked about shipping units. We did begin shipping units in the quarter. This is a very, you know, very small still. VR is still very early. It's not going to have a material impact on revenue in 2016. And I gave more color on that in my prepared remarks.

Answer_11:

    Sure, Mark. I can start with the detailed one, the tax rate and the OpEx guide. So on the tax rate, yes, the rate came in better than guidance in terms of the tax rate, but it's consistent with the long-term trend that I've indicated. We do expect that that rate will be the approximately the rate that will continue for the rest of the year. So for purposes of 2016 modeling, I would use the Q1 rate.
On the OpEx guide, Q1 came in slightly below our annual expense growth guidance, but we do expect that investments in areas like video and Oculus will impact the remainder of the year more substantially. So that's why we're maintaining the annual OpEx growth guidance that we have. And then Sheryl, did you want to speak about Audience Network?

Answer_12:

    Yes, Audience Network is important to us because we're making a strategic investment in ad pack, helping advertisers and publishers grow both on and off Facebook. We think we're uniquely placed to bring people based marketing to scale and solve the measurement problem, and the Audience Network is a place we're really focused, because we feel like we're delivering value for advertisers and publishers so we're investing behind the growth we've seen.
We've seen a growth of native ads, 83% of the overall inventory on the platform is native, and over 50% of our publishers are only using native ads. We have some great examples of Audience Network really improving people's results. Our recent one is Ebay Vivanuceous, which is an online real estate destination working in Latin America and Mexico. When they were using a combination of Facebook, Instagram and the Audience Network, they saw 57% lower cost per install with placement optimization and 69% more volume versus running on Facebook alone, which led to 6% incremental revenue.
So compared to November a year before, the number of their app installs increased by 115%. So what we're seeing is the results we're able to deliver on Facebook and Instagram, a lot of our marketing partners want more, and our ability to do that is why we're investing in the Audience Network.

Answer_13:

    So the biggest thing that we're focused on with artificial intelligence is building computer services that have better perception than people. So the basic human senses like seeing, hearing, language, kind of core things that we do, I think it's possible to get to the point in the next five to 10 years where we have computer systems that are better than people at each of those things. That doesn't mean that the computers will be thinking or be generally better. But that is useful for a number of things.
So for example, I talked about earlier we are building this moments app. So that way you can take photos on your phone and if you use this app, our face recognition can look at the photos that you take and suggest that you might want to share photos that you took with a friend in them, with that person. So that way all the photos that might be of you in your friend's camera rolls, they can share with you.
Another example is just Spam filtering and just making sure we can actually read the content and understand what's interesting to you or not and not show that. One obvious thing I think over time is if you just look at the way that we rank news feeds, today we use some basic signals like who you're friends with and what pages you like as some of the most important things for figuring out what out of all of the millions and millions of pieces of content that are on Facebook, what we're going to show, and then what are going to be the most interesting things to you.
That's because today our systems can't actually understand what the content means. We don't actually look at the photo and deeply understand what's in or look at the videos and understand what's in it, or read the links that people share and understand what's in them.
But in the future we'll be able to, I think on a five or 10 year period. So all of these millions and millions of pieces of content that are out there, whether or not you've added someone as a friend or have liked a page, we'll be able to know a lot better what types of things are going to be interesting to you to produce some much better feed of content. So that's just a basic example of where having human level perception broadly is going to yield better experiences and a lot of the things that people care about today.

Answer_14:

    You're right that people are increasingly using Facebook to discover products and services. And we're testing some ways like marketplace to make this easier. We're also testing some incremental featured pages, which enable businesses to drive purchases on a page or direct people directly to their website. These are really early but we've had some positive feedback.
Our focus, however, continues to be on our ad products, because we think we can take people all the way from the top of the funnel where they can really get a brand awareness or a product awareness and go all the way down to purchase, not necessarily because the purchase is happening on Facebook, but because we can work on the measurement systems to understand how the advertising both at the top and lower down in the funnel is influencing those purchases. We've been really excited by what we've seen in the commerce vertical of our ad products.
So products like Dynamic Product Ads, Carousel Ads, are working really well for us. This quarter we launched Canvas Ads, which are very fast loading immerse I've mobile ads. They're easy to build. You can use the self-service tool. You don't have to write any code. They are native format so they had decrease that initial dropoff you see when people click off to another site.
Very early days but the average viewing time is over 30 seconds, which shows you how immersive that is. I'll share one example of how ads are driving a small business on Facebook through ads, which is a company called Sparkle and Paint. They're a Utah-based SMP. They're selling girls' clothing. They did a Slide show ad that included a shop now, button which enabled you to take action on their site.
They were able to increase sales by 9% per month, and more exciting for us, this was 6 times more efficient in terms of acquisitions than any other digital media channel. And that shows how you can use our ad products to go all the way from awareness, measuring through to a sale and show how important our ads can be to commerce on our platform.

Answer_15:

    For messenger and WhatsApp our focus right now continues to be on growth and engagement. We are not rolling out any monetization products on WhatsApp right now. But we did start that process at F8 on Messenger.
And what we're doing is following the organic activity that's happening on the Messenger platform. Businesses and consumers are using Messenger to connect to each other in a more personal, more immediate way. And we rolled out a platform beta which gives new opportunities to build compelling experiences.
Bots, very early but giving the opportunity for more personal interactions between businesses and mobile which then received API, so that businesses could send immediate responses to common questions, including engaging images and call to action as well as text. In terms of the timing this is really early. We have a lot of opportunity to invest in advertising across our different platforms, and so we want to make sure we get this right as we focus on continued engagement.
You're right that over time when we make these investments we are going to be able to rely on some of the core aspects of the ad's infrastructure, certainly our long ad, our base of advertisers, some of the things we understand about how ads perform and the functionality will be an important part of the product offerings in the future, but those are not immediate by any stretch of the imagination.

Answer_16:

    Operator, we have time for one last question.

Answer_17:

    We think our growth has been very broad based, but dollars are shifting from all types of media formats to where consumers are spending their time. We tell our clients that we want to be the best dollar and the best minute they spend and we want them to measure value. I don't think this means that all of our expense comes in -- all of our growth comes at the expense of any one channel, but it's broad based and often TV and Facebook and Instagram can work really well together.
I'll give a fun example from the Super Bowl. T-Mobile wanted to use their Super Bowl campaign to increase their brand awareness and increase their reach. So before the game they targeted their 30 second Super Bowl ad that featured Drake to NFL and people with NFL and celebrity interests. It performed so well that they decided to run the 60 second version on Facebook and Instagram.
That ad was so successful on Facebook and Instagram that they then ran the 60 second ad on TV instead of their 30 second ad. So as people invest they can use these different platforms together and we're pretty excited to see that progress.

Answer_18:

    And on live video, the theme that I think is most important is just that there's so much that people want to express and share with the people around them that they don't have the tools to do today. And I think that's a huge opportunity not just in live video but in a lot of the things that we're talking about.
One interesting example recently that I touched on earlier is between Messenger and WhatsApp, we're around 60 billion messages a day, and SMS at its peak we think was around 20 billion messages a day. Just unlocking some of the friction that existed in SMS and improving the product a little bit and removing the small fee that was there has just unlocked a huge amount of expression. And we think that this is going to be the case in all different types of media and with all different audiences that a person would share it with.
So in video, there are billions and billions of videos that are viewed every day on Facebook. Live is a very small part of it. The reason why we give disproportionate attention to it is because we're trying to help push forward new formats that are not just about consuming content but are really about interacting, so live 360 video, and there will be others in the future. And so, yes, to answer your question, I do think that multiple products and companies can succeed in building these things.
I also think that there are go going to be a lot more interactive forms of video than just live and 360, like we're talking about now. And I think that this extends not just to video but for all of the different types of media and audiences that we're serving. So we're very excited about continuing to do our work to help unlock all the expression and connection that people want to do.

Answer_19:

    Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again.

