Answer_1:

    Well let me start with the last part first. Nothing has changed at all for our thoughts regarding the 2018 target that we discussed in the second-quarter call. Again I would note that year over year we reduced expenses by $0.5 billion.
And I would also just point out to remind everybody that if you look at expenses over a longer term we reduced quarterly expenses ex-litigation by $4.8 billion from Q3 2011. That's a $19 billion run rate.
So if you think about what we have to do between now and 2018, I think we've talked about this before, roughly a third of that is going to come from continued progress on the  loan servicing. The other two-thirds is going to come from a lot of different initiatives across the Company.
We've talked about SIM, our Simplify and Improve initiative. We are going to be utilizing technology to digitize processes, eliminating handling costs. We are going to get technology efficiencies from our data centers consolidation and for more efficient servers.
As I said, we are going to continue to make progress on delinquent loan servicing costs, hopefully see some modest improvement in litigation. Very important part of this is the shift to self-serve digital channels: mobile, online, ATM. So that's what the list sounds like and it goes on and on.
I would emphasize this shift to self-serve. We're seeing good momentum with more than 21 million mobile banking active users. And that's growing every week, every month.
18% of our deposit transactions are now completed through mobile devices. That's better for customers.
It's also better for our shareholders. It's 1/10 the cost of walking into a branch.
So it's all these things put together. It's initiatives across the whole Company. It's going to come a lot from support and operations, but there's a little bit in the front office, as well, as we get more efficient.

Answer_2:

    Yes, I would say it's going to be fairly spread out throughout the whole process. However, as you think about one quarter over a next, it's not going to be straight down every quarter. Not every quarter is the same, there's going to be some lumpiness.
If you look at the fourth quarter, for example, we traditionally have some seasonality in the fourth quarter. So generally we will make progress but don't expect that you are going to see it in every single quarter.

Answer_3:

    Sure. So let me I can help you through that. So if you look about a 25 basis point, that would be one quarter of our $5.3 billion in sensitivity.
If you want to assume that 25 basis points increases the long end by 25 basis points you know the answer. you can roughly take a quarter of it, perhaps even a little bit more, because we're probably more asset sensitive on the first 25 than the last 25 of that 100.
But if you don't want to increase on the long end just look at the short end. We've disclosed its $3.3 billion. You can divide that by four and get a pretty good sense of what 25 basis points would do over the subsequent 12 months.

Answer_4:

    Yes, I will try to do that but let me just start with a couple of thoughts. First of all, I think it's difficult to see share shifts in Global Markets in any given quarter. The fee pools are just not as transparent as they are in, let's say, investment banking fees or other areas.
What we know is client activity was up in the third quarter and that's what drives our short-term results. Over the longer term it is easier just to assess what's going on with fee pools and share. So I just want to point out from 2014 to 2015 on declining fee pools we're pretty sure we improved our share.
Third parties tell us that. And I think that share has come from a number of regions and a number of firms and a number of products as competitors adjust their strategies and capabilities.
More specifically, we've been investing in rates for a number of years. I think we're making some progress there. We have a very strong credit platform, as you know.
I think we are making progress there relative to competitors around the world. And I think we are investing in equities. And I think equities revenue is down, but we are seeing an improvement relative to the fee pool in equities as well.
I do want to emphasize, very importantly, that our strategy is to have a diversified product portfolio across both FICC and equities and globally. That's what our clients need and want from us. And so you could see gains one quarter in one place and see something lower in another place, and that's okay with us.
That's our strategy. It's about what the client needs in any given quarter. If we are doing a little bit worse in one place we are probably doing better in another place.

Answer_5:

    Clients are going to have three ways to invest in their IRAs: they are going to continue to do it completely self-directed through Merrill Edge, they are going to be able to do it online but enhanced with professional portfolio managed through Merrill Edge Guided Investing and, again, for those clients who want one-on-one advice and service from their FA they are going to be able to do that on a fee-based advisory platform. What we've decided not to do is use the best interest exemption to allow IRA accounts to be added to our brokerage platform where clients pay on a transaction basis.
After reviewing all her options, let's say, if a client chooses one-on-one advice and service on her IRA we believe the best way to provide that advice is through Merrill Lynch One on our fee-based advisory platform. We took a lot of time to make this decision.
We took months thinking about this. We did research. We believe this is the best interest of our clients and our advisors.

Answer_6:

    That's right but the advisor is going to have to talk to their clients and explain the best interest exemption. That's going to be much harder a conversation than the one we are going to have.

Answer_7:

    We feel good about loan growth. The economy feels good, so we are confident we can grow. But, of course, there's going to be some uncertainty and as I said in certain sectors in certain regions around the world.
I would remind you that we are focused on responsible growth. So we are going to look a little bit different than some of our competitors in some places but we feel good. Year over year if you look at our business segments we had 7% loan growth.

Answer_8:

    Betsy, if you go to page 6 of the materials you can see that we are continuing in the mortgage area overall. So I think both in the home equity and first mortgage loans.
You can see that we continue to run off some of the non-core portfolios and overall the balances grow in the business segments. And we expect that to continue. We are doing about 2,000 applications a day, about 1,000 each plus in each of the products that has continued to grow. And so we will continue to drive that core capability to the customer.
In terms of expansion of product sets we have a limited product for that we've built for similar to 3% down payment for $0.5 billion a year of production just to give us a more competitive product there but limited the size. And we will do some other things, but we are going to stick with the core credit.
Remember who you are talking to here, Betsy, and our experience in mortgage is probably deeper than most people. So we will stick with what our customers need and what we think the right business for the Company is.

Answer_9:

    Well, I think if you think about the growth you've got the interest side and you've got the fee side. And if you look at the interest side it's going to be driven by balanced growth between loans and deposits. And I think we keep growing deposits year over year $60 billion, we are paying 4 basis points in Consumer and think about that dynamic and putting that to work in anything we can is important.
And we continue to grow loans at less rate than we grow deposits. That's going to drive our NIM is just a bigger and bigger, lower lower cost deposit base.
And on the loan side I think Consumer is growing better now than commercial linked quarter but overall we expect commercial will kick back in a little bit as the economy continues and some of the uncertainty lifts in the political season here. So on loans and deposits it will just be growing and now as you've seen year over year core growth of 7% on loans and growth on deposits.
On the fee side what you are seeing is the dynamic in especially consumer fee areas finally turn a little bit stable and then turning for us in the card revenue and things like that, which we've hit sort of the inflection point where the run down and relative interchange due to selling some portfolios and getting out of non-core portfolios and putting on the core portfolios with rewards attached to it which helps us generates deposits and things like that has stabilized and you are starting to see in the last few quarters card income start to move up a bit.
And on service charges it's been relatively stable. So the fee side will be driven more by Wealth Management markets and things like that. And Consumer is stable, which is good because it had been a drag for a long time.

Answer_10:

    We continued -- when we have less people going through our bonus pools and stuff you can see that comp continues to drift down. A large part of a comp, obviously, is the financial, in the Wealth Management business which there is no meaningful changes there. But in the other business we continue, as we have less people we continue to reduce that as a percentage of revenues.

Answer_11:

    I said earlier if you think about the last several quarters of earnings calls it's been getting better than this and every quarter it gets slightly better. And that in part is because we are still getting the benefits of the changes made six, seven, eight years ago coming through the Consumer business i.e., that what we call back book portfolios or legacy portfolios or whatever word you want to use continue to run off with higher credit risk. And we keep putting on and have put on and continue to put on higher credit quality.
So I think if you think about overall charge-offs of 880 this quarter that's a driven by the Consumer business and that's driven by the card and the legacy home equities. So keeping the card business where we want it is critical and you are seeing this continue even as we start to grow that portfolio, both nominally and rate the charge-off picture is strong. And so when you go back and look at what happened during the crisis the charge-offs came normally from the edges of credit and we've kept ourselves out of it.

Answer_12:

    We have done that.

Answer_13:

    Yes, you are speaking under the advanced approaches we had a drop. We had it under standardized as well just a little bit less. And that drop came, again, from legacy portfolios running off and from continued work by our Global Markets teams to better manage their balance sheet relative to those ratios.

Answer_14:

    Yes, look there's always more to do and we are focused on a lot of different regulatory metrics. We are looking at all of them. There are some that may be a little bit more important than others.
Right now we are focused on all of them. And I think there is more to come there.
Obviously, as we do grow the balance sheet, as we grow loans and deposits we are going to continue to see some increase particularly on the standardized side. But I think we can, relative to that growth I think we can continue to make a little bit of progress incrementally.

Answer_15:

    You pick up on the core thing that drives. We have a securities portfolio because we have more deposits coming in, then we have loans. So our view of that portfolio is we don't take credit risk there and so we have two alternatives, treasuries and mortgage-backed securities, or cash I guess is a third.
And so that's how we invest it. And Paul can take you through his earlier comments a little bit and give you some color on that. But I think people always have to remember the reason why we have more is because our deposits grew at $60 billion year over year and that's more than our loans grew by quite a bit.
So, Paul, do you want to answer, give some color on that?

Answer_16:

    Just one step back. Obviously what we are doing every day is managing earnings, capital liquidity and interest rate risk when we think about that portfolio and where we want to invest things. This quarter as you noted our deposit growth exceeded loan growth and so we did add significantly to the investment portfolio.
Most of that incremental amount we devoted to treasuries. Just as we think about the balance in that portfolio we wanted to just add a little bit more treasuries. That's really kind of it.

Answer_17:

    Remember that the reason why you don't see much repricing is really two or three dynamics. One is a full $450 billion of our deposits are noninterest-bearing. So they aren't going to reprice.
The great debate is about how sticky are those? And if you think about that, those are dominated by our Consumer business and our noninterest-bearing accounts in Consumer have doubled in size over the last five or six years due to focusing on primary accounts, grew up to 90% primary accounts in the household where they run their household finances through our account and, therefore, they direct deposit their check and things like that.
So the first thing to remember is that $1.2 trillion, $450 million noninterest-bearing and a dominant and part of that Consumer and also in the Wealth Management and the transactional account of both Consumers. And then on the business side similarly we have a driven our deposits to be really LCR friendly into core operating accounts.
And so those aren't going to move, they are noninterest-bearing and they aren't going to move much and the big debate is how much balance will be in there and we feel confident the balances will stay just because of the nature of the accounts. And then when you go to the second dynamic, remember that even with all this deposit growth one of the things we continue to do and the impact is less and less is we are expecting Consumer business running off CDs still at a fairly decent clip that were historically used to fund prior companies' balance sheets that we don't need the funding that cost. So we have some rollover but that continues to decline.
That weighted average cost drops off -- that cost drops off and drives down or hold steady the average weighted cost. And then if you look at money markets and other interest-bearing they really haven't moved much.
So we feel good about the consumer -- we feel good about the deposit base overall. We feel very good about the consumer deposit base, just crossed $600 billion for the first time in the Company's history in Consumers generally.
And with that, I think if rates rise we think that it's substantial value for the Company. And Paul gave you a way to think about that earlier with a quarter of $3.3 billion -- 25% of $3.3 billion.

Answer_18:

    So look, I think you are noticing some modest card balance growth in the quarter, which we think will continue as we add new accounts. And, again, we are very focused on adding high-quality accounts there.
I think you probably also noticed that while combined debit and credit card spend was good in the quarter at 5%, 6% if you include fuel, I'm adjusting for divestitures last year, that the growth in the card income was impacted by, as you noted, customer reward programs. However, I think just focusing on the fee income misses some really key benefits of our strategy which is to attract relatively higher-quality card customers and reward them for deepening their overall relationship with us.
This strategy really drives deposit growth and makes deposits stickier, plus we believe these customers have lower loss rates. They use the call center less which helps us lower costs. I think when you want to see the effect of this you have to look at the overall Consumer segment and what's going on there in terms of growth of profits and improvement in expenses.
And just lastly I would just point out, look, our risk adjusted margins on card are strong at over 9%. This is in no way a signaling that we are not going to be able to grow the card income line. I just want you to get a better sense of how we think about it.

Answer_19:

    I think if you think about that more broadly, we had the last divestitures of size we made in this card business were the fourth quarter of last year and they are through the P&L, so they are through the balances and through the thing. So what you are starting to see if you look at the trend this year is you are starting to see movement, positive movement both in card income and in balances as we move across the year. And we expect that to continue.
It will be strong, responsible growth. And one of the great debates we have in the Company is people say, why can't you grow this faster? Or why can't, we are giving up too much in the interchange for the preferred balance or preferred rewards, the interesting question is are you giving up something you'd never have in the preferred rewards i.e., we are bringing more customer relationships in depth and that gets us something.
So incrementally the net interchange is actually there as opposed to what theoretically you get gross interchange with a non-customer in an affinity program. So we focus on the entire customer relationship. It is very valuable, it is very profitable and believe me if we could grow it faster responsibly we would.
But the idea is just to grind out the slow, steady growth and we are starting to see that come through. And largely it was masked in 2014, 2015 and behind that 2013, those areas because we were divesting a lot of non-core relationships and now we have the core affinities we want and we have the core card businesses we want.

Answer_20:

    And, again, I think you can see it if you look at the whole segment. I don't want to start comparing us to peers, but just take a look at our PPNR year over year. It's up 10%.

Answer_21:

    Well, I think embedded in that is the future return of capital. And we now have a significant buffer above the requirements. And as Paul said we continue to try to optimize our core.
So I think you are a little bit of a horse race between increasing earnings and increasing capital. And as we return more you expect that the horse race of increasing earnings would stay ahead of it. But we've got room to go and we are driving at it.
But if we don't hit -- if the issue is that our capital continues to grow, that capital is also yours as an investor and continues to go into our book value. And so it's not going anywhere. It's there to be returned when we can get through the process of getting from where we are to higher percentages of capital return and ultimately returning excess capital.

Answer_22:

    And we have a goal to return more.

Answer_23:

    Well, let's go to how we run our Consumer business. So we run our Consumer business consistent with responsible growth for the Company. And what that means is that you focus on deepening relationships, what we call a stairstep where the core deposit account, the quarter credit card and getting it used in the core mortgage, in the core home-equity and the core auto loans.
That's what's been driving it and we'll continue to drive that. That is the backbone of what we did and how we repositioned this Company over many years.
In terms of the branches, Mike, you rattled off all the statistics which Paul talked about earlier. But it is a complex optimization, but it all starts with the consumer. What is the consumer going to do?
And so while 18% of deposits are made by mobile deposits, 82% by their nature aren't and where do they go, about 50 percentage points of that go through the ATM machines and about another 30% odd go through the teller line still today. And so you have to be ready and able to serve in all dynamics.
And so what we continue to do is optimize the branch structure, the call structure, the ATM structure, the mobile structure and the online structure altogether. And the way to think about that optimization and why it's an extremely important business to this Company is that we've gone from 300 basis points of the cost of all that to deposits to about 150 over the last six, seven years. And that's by continuing to optimize the physical plant as well as all these other means.
And so if you ask me your question is how far can go? You have to also then think about what we want to go on at a branch.
And so if you look back at some of the statistics that Paul had in the deck for Consumer where you see things like appointments set up or 340,000 in the third quarter, so just think about that. 340,000 times a customer went on a mobile phone and asked to come to a branch.
And so we need those branches to receive those mobile phone customers and why are they coming? Usually for a much more important financial transaction to them than handing us a check for deposit. So it's a quality versus quantity and making sure we understand that.
So we are optimizing all those and you can see on page 14 on the lower right you can see the different moves. I'd say we went from 7 million visits probably four or five years ago to 6 million to 5 million. But those five are of a higher quality and we think that's important.
And there certain transactions and certain capabilities that you just have to have at your branch, you just have to do face-to-face. Very difficult things like how to get a power of attorney for a parent that's sick or I want to do a mortgage, it's still difficult to do through the phone and things like that. So we will have all aspects, we will drive it down and you can see that we continue to make that progress.

Answer_24:

    I'd say that the point is that we run this business and we start with the consumer and their activities and their behaviors, and so what they want to do. And the key is not to get ahead of them because that can cause you problems and not to be behind them because that can be cost issues and empty branches.
So even in the 112 we are down we've added branches. And places like Denver, the Denver branch that we added are in the top 10% of performing branches today on relationship building. We've added branches in Manhattan, we've added branches in Minneapolis.
So we are in a sea change in terms of what the branches look like individually. The new branches are different. We are adding branches we didn't have and we are closing branches where the utilization isn't there.
The nature of how far a customer will travel is also different now than it was 10, 15 years ago. So I think you said what all the different reasons? The answer is I think you said is we will follow the customer.
And I don't know the exact number because I can tell you eight years ago when we had 6,100 there were people that said there was never going to be less branches in our system and maybe we should add more. And guess what? We are 4,600 -- 4,500.

Answer_25:

    You are right, we had a $280 million benefit this quarter and that was from a higher valuation of the MSR, which was due to slower observed prepayment speeds. So we are just updating our -- the way we value that.
We have to monitor -- it's a level III assets, so there's a lot of things that go into that. It's hard to value and you've got to continually be looking at that valuation. And we thought it was time based upon observations of prepayment speeds to make a change in some key assumptions.

Answer_26:

    Based upon how we are growing the business, how we are running the business we expect stability.

Answer_27:

    I think the rep and warranty is a contra-revenue. So is that what you are referring to?

Answer_28:

    So that's going to bump around. That bumps around because --

Answer_29:

    Hey, Eric, it's Lee. I think what you are looking at, what Paul is referring to is the contra-revenue item. So it's a negative revenue item when it's a provision expense on the provision, okay?

Answer_30:

    We are continuing to see good growth in consumer vehicle lending the way that we run the business. We are up roughly 7% or $7 billion or 17% year over year. Again, though, we are focused on prime and super prime.
So originations were down modestly Q3 versus the prior quarter as we accepted a little bit less dealer flow but we still feel good about that product offering. The third-quarter average book FICO scores remained at approximately 770. Debt to income was at all-time lows.
We are not following the market expansion to 84 months in terms of tenor. We have got a maximum tenor of 75 and I think in the third quarter we were averaging around 67. So we are getting the growth within our responsible growth framework and we feel good about it.

Answer_31:

    Sure. So the primary affected portion of our business is in the transactional brokerage retirement accounts.
And if you look at our roughly $2 trillion of GWIM client assets outside of loans and deposits we would see the DOL rule having an impact on significantly less than 10% of those balances. And, again, that's as the industry works towards the full implementation of the rule in January 2018.
So as you noted we are going to see some geography movement on the P&L. There's going to be some shifts.
And if I had to guess today we might see some modest revenue impact in 2017. But it's really way too early to know how it's all going to shake out. But we would expect to mitigate that in subsequent years.

Answer_32:

    People, Steve, when you talk about backing up to the fuller trends on Wealth Management and there's been a constant decline in brokerage revenue over the years largely because the industry and we have been moving more to a financial device to manage the account execution. And so in, obviously, a limited portion of that is IRA-related in both counts. But the reality is this is against the backdrop that you will see, that brokerage number has the number has been tough to chase for five years now.

Answer_33:

    I think the implementation has to be very carefully handled. And the team, Andy and John, have been leaders in trying to figure this out the right way for the client. And we start with what's best for the client.
So what you are reading about is there will be adjustments made clients by clients based on their circumstances and what they want from us. And the FAs will engage in a lot of conversations about that as we go through the next several months.

Answer_34:

    Okay, well, look that's, obviously, a pretty technical question. And it's not that we haven't thought about it, but to be frank it's just a speech at this point and he didn't really address that in his speech. So we don't know the answer.
That's one of the questions we have. I think once we get the Fed's proposal we will have a better idea. But all I can tell you is based upon our current reading of the speech, in particular some of the changes you mentioned in CCAR around asset growth, we think that the substitution of the capital conversion, conservation buffer, sorry, capital conservation buffer with the stress capital buffer would not be a material change for Bank of America given our risk profile and given how we run the Company.

Answer_35:

    Well, the way I come at that debate is to go back along many years ago and think through the repositioning that was done in our Company and so the key was to make FICC work. You are talking more revenue, but we look at profit.
And so to get the profit we needed to out of the fixed income and equities business we had to take the cost structure down which we did in 2010 and 2011. Tom Montag and the team worked very hard at that and got breakeven down over $1 billion a quarter.
And then we ran along a number of years and then they've actually had taken out, year over year you can see the costs continue to be managed well despite higher revenue. So I would say taking the discussion I'd say the way our fixed income business generates revenue a lot of it is around our capabilities, underwriting capabilities in all the different variations from high-grade leverage to everything that goes on. And that's a relatively stable pool of revenue that you see repeated.
What goes up or down is really the activity around that based on the market seizing up in certain quarters in terms of issuance and things like that. When you think about the other thing that Tom and the team had to really go after which is to broaden our capabilities in the macro segment a little bit because that was something that traditionally the Bank of America Merrill Lynch teams came together. And he has done that so that's added some more volume to us.
So we think we've been gaining share, as Paul said earlier. When you look at revenue comparison among the top 10 banks without all the leak charge for just revenue, and we think it's driven by our fixed income capabilities and it's driven by our connectivity from the issuer of the bonds in debt to the investor. And we will continue to drive that.
And so the team has done a good job. And I'd say we are at a fundamental level.
This quarter feels better than last year's quarter. It's not a quarter that when you look across four or five years that we haven't come close to on many cases and have done better than a few times.

Answer_36:

    We feel -- I think let me start with what we noticed in commercial in the quarter was lower industry growth this quarter I think that really reflected a slowdown in closed, actually booked closed acquisition financing for us, which is probably maybe could be different for peers depending on the timing of transactions and then uncertainty around the election and then I think some lingering concerns around certain countries or regions. That's what I think impacted the third quarter.
When you look at the US, when you look around the globe, when you look at GDP growth we are optimistic. We think the economy feels good. So in a good economy we should be able to grow commercial loans.
We will have to stay focused on some sectors in some regions but we think we can grow commercial loans. Utilization rates and revolvers, they came off their highs but they are at the higher end of the range which also suggests or reflects good commercial activity.
We are adding bankers in the US in commercial banking and small business. We are adding them to regions where we know we have some synergies or some capabilities, some big MSAs. So there's no reason why we can't grow within our responsible growth framework assuming the economy continues to chug along here.

Answer_37:

    Also if you think about by sub asset class, in real estate we modulate our growth there based on our view of wanting a diverse portfolio and then how we lend in the business. And if you see that number it was growing and it has flattened out a little bit and that relative to others that was the difference. But I think to Paul's last point is a key point.
There are creditworthy customers that we can do more with and the only way to do that is because we have a talented world-class commercial banking team is to add more capacity. And that capacity is starting to build, and it takes a while because you hire a commercial banker and we sometimes give them some of the undercovered names in our portfolio or else then they go after the prospects that we have, then it takes a while to build those up. People don't change their commercial banking relationships in an afternoon.
So in our business banking and our middle market, especially across America, we have been adding commercial bankers and we expect that to redound to our benefit. Given an environment which may be solid but okay we'd expect to gain share in those markets as those bankers come on stream and become more productive and Alastair Borthwick and Katy Knox, the team that's driving that, has proven that those bankers do get share and you will see that come through.

Answer_38:

    I think when you think about fraud most people think about in terms of the electronic side most people think about credit card fraud and fraud as a broad worded, arguments about whether the charge was valid, whether a merchant and things like that. So there's a long history of adjudicating that.
So more and more sales go online by the consumer the techniques for online are continuing to develop. At face to face or point-of-sale, the chip card when we are largely through our customers having chip cards, merchants, what we call chip-on-chip, i.e. our chip card used with a merchant chip machine is rising a percent or so a quarter and is now as best we judge it in the 30s, the high 20s or something like that, Nancy.
So all that being said, we expect to get leverage in our fraud losses in a Consumer business year over year and we expect that to continue to come down. So yes, that is a major initiative for us to continue to drive that down.
Part of it is education to consumers, part of it is getting the chip cards in the hands and getting the machine, merchants using the chip machines. Part of it is the tokenization and the wallets and things that go on in Visa Checkout and all the variations of MasterCard and getting, because that's a tokenized better execution and is more secure.
So our view as a provider has been to adopt all these wallets and technologies that have this tokenization capabilities and that then drives down the cost of losses due to merchant complaints and other types of things. So you are absolutely right: cyber security, theft of cards from other people and sold on the Internet, all that stuff is important to us. And so we spend, as we said, $0.5 billion a year protecting ourselves but also part of it is making sure we understand who our consumers are in terms of lost cards and things like that.

Answer_39:

    Maybe I will take that one. Look, I want to take just one step back because to really answer that question you just have to have a better appreciation for how we run Bank of America. And it truly really does start with our purpose, which is to help customers better live their financial lives and then from there you have to understand what we mean by responsible growth.
So if you ask anybody in the Company, responsible growth, it's about developing relationships so that we can grow with our customers over time based upon their needs and goals. It's not about the number of products that we open. It's whether customers want or need the products and services we are offering them and use them.
That's how we measure ourselves. We've spent years building controls and governance and escalation around this. We are always monitoring them.
It's just how we run the Company. So that's probably the best answer I can give you in terms of how we think about this issue.

Answer_40:

    Nancy, I'd say this, we have dialogue with all our shareholders often and Jack Bovender, our Lead Independent Director. Obviously, we went through this a year or so ago. And last year the shareholders they voted on it, but the key is how we run the Company and how we govern ourselves.
So, again, Paul's view of what he talked about responsible growth, one of the tenets is to be sustainable and sustainable, all growth has to be sustainable and it involves things like you've got to invest in the future. But it also involves how we govern the Company.
And our Board, the independence of our Board, the experience on our Board, how they approach their responsibilities I think is very strong. And I think our shareholders have understood that and agreed with that.
So I think we govern ourselves in a very tough fashion i.e., the Board's demanding on us and understands the strategy and has helped support the strategy through some times when people would challenge it. And I think it's proven to be the right strategy at this point.
So if you get to the technicalities our Lead Independent Director duties are as strong as anybody's in the industry. If you look at all the new governance surveys that have come out, all the words about proper governance and all the different things you've seen recently, we meet or exceed everything anybody says to go to. So I feel comfortable with that.

Answer_41:

    Okay, so look. When you look at advisor attrition today it's at all-times lows. And we don't expect significant attrition for the same reasons that attrition is low today. Merrill Lynch is a great place to work and serve your clients.
So if you are an FA you are looking at a platform, we have market-leading capabilities, we have breadth of products across banking and wealth management, we have lots of options in terms of servicing clients. We have got great technology that we are investing in, tremendous transparency that provided through Merrill Lynch One award-winning research and incredible global execution through global markets. So there's a lot of reasons to be here.
This is a great place to serve your clients. We are implementing a strategy that creates significant flexibility for our advisors. And we are delivering fiduciary best interest advice to clients.
I said it before. When we came to this decision not to use the best interest exemption after a lot of months of thinking and research, and this is better for our advisors and it's better for our clients. The best interest exemption is going to create confusion, it's got operational pain for clients, it's going to be inefficient and cumbersome for advisors. This is the best solution we believe for our clients and advisors.

Answer_42:

    And if you look at the brass tacks financials in the third quarter of 2016 we had $4.4 billion of revenue in our Wealth Management business. Of the $4.4 billion, $500 million of it in total was brokerage. And so this part of the business has been declining in favor of financial advice to the client and to managed portfolios that meet the needs of the client and have investment framers and decisions based on the client's goals.
So the goals-based method is the dominant method in our business. And so you've seen a constant growth in asset management fees, net interest income and other sources of revenue and, frankly, a constant decline in the brokerage business across many years. And so the SEC has an obligation in the rules to issue a rule on this at some point, and they will and we will adjust to that there, but it's consistent with where we have been taking the business for five or seven years.

Answer_43:

    Well, again, just to be clear we are not doing away with brokerage. Brokerage is going to be -- unless something changes in the industry, and that's going to affect everybody, we are not doing away with brokerage. Brokerage is a very important part of our advisory relationship and FAs will work that out with their clients what's best for them.

Answer_44:

    I think you've stated yourself that you are making a lot of assumptions. Let's let it play out.
We have the biggest and most capable business in the world making more money and having better margins than anybody else. I think we will figure it out.

Answer_45:

    Look, I think it's just too early to tell at this point. We don't know how it's all going to unfold in the UK and in Europe. We don't know what the effect is going to be on our clients on the new rules.
So as I said on the press call we've developed plans based upon various scenarios and we are going to have to wait and see how everything unfolds to know what we are going to do. But as I emphasized on that call, today we are focused on our clients. And as I alluded to, this impacts them, too.
So for now we are just working with them, providing them loans, helping them raise capital, store and move their money, manage risk. That's what we are focused on.

Answer_46:

    Just remember materiality here. So the markets business is about 20% of our expense base today.
That's the entire business. So I don't think the impact of Brexit in the overall Company, we would manage it without having any impact of any great magnitude. As it relates to the European business itself, it will have an impact if it costs us more but not to the whole Company.

Answer_47:

    Yes, it was to credits, one in metals and mining, one in the US. And if you look at the ratio it's at a very comfortable level.
So that doesn't concern us. If you note criticized assets were down in the quarter. That's because these two credits that went NPL were already in reservable criticized.

Answer_48:

    Yes, we moved some cash into securities. Again, we are always managing the trade-off between liquidity capital in terms of interest rate movements and returns. And we just deployed some of that as I said in U.S. Treasury, so you can think about it going from one part of the government to the other.
We just moved them to get a little bit more yield. We feel good about that move and we will continue to optimize our cash and investment securities.

Answer_49:

    I'm not sure we're making any -- we are not projecting any view of rates . When we make that move we are just balancing liquidity capital and earnings.
It's a big portfolio. We are always looking at it to make sure that we feel good about where we are at any point in time.

Answer_50:

    I'm not sure I really want to give much more color than that. They are doing the standard things you might do to optimize RWA, create compression, looking at returns on various assets and just optimizing.

Answer_51:

    Yes, you've got the dynamic. But the reality is as Paul was just answering the last question we continue to build cash that we need to put to work. These are our core customers, very high credit quality mortgages and pipeline has grown quarter over quarter and continues to grow and production capacity and capabilities.
So you've got it right. The technical differences instead of recognizing the upfront gain on sale of the mortgage and capitalizing the servicing you see that come through NII over time. And so and the other dynamic, remember, is the MSR asset will continue to drift down because we have less and less third-party servicing.

Answer_52:

    And, again, I want to point out we've done a lot of thinking about that. And we think maybe there's a near-term impact on earnings. But long term we think that's a better strategy for our shareholders given the risk profile of the mortgages that we are originating and putting on the balance sheet.

Answer_53:

    In terms of the technical modeling for NII we still use the same assumptions we've used. You could have great debate in our Company whether we think those assumptions are conservative or not. But so in terms of the NII modeling we've been very consistent in terms of what, Marty, a deposit beta and what would change and how it would work.
I think the pragmatic answer is that we are 90% of our customer consumer checking accounts are core transaction accounts, the primary checking account. Those balances are touching $250 billion-plus.
They've been doubled over the last seven, eight years. Those balances are the daily cash flow of a household, and I don't think they are going to change much. But until you've got experience, a model has to look backwards as we'd say.
And so we will see what happens. But so far those of us that take the side that this will be less sensitive of one, let's just say that.

Answer_54:

    So, Marty, moving expenses down, we talked about that earlier, that helps the returns. But we always have to remember that there is basically, leave aside how the allocation works, to the businesses works differently, but when you think about the 10% capital requirements for us 300 basis points or 3 percentage points of that cannot be put to use, it cannot take risk.
And so we are earning all our money on the 7%. And so when you think about the weighted average of that it comes out over 10, that means you are in a lot more on the 7 even across the whole Company. And so that's one of the difficulties.
So how do we optimize that? We make that 10% less dollar volume, if we can keep moving dollar volume down and keep increasing earnings you get that that's by all the discussion Paul had in response to earlier questions about optimizing the balance sheet or we get expenses down or we grow less risky earnings that can generate income, but it's a constant optimization. But the basic that people, that we sometimes forget is that when you think about 10% only a 30% of capital can take no risk, and so basically earns your cost of debt.

Answer_55:

    Well, generally you should think that the products which are more straightforward, like a card application, we build a nice auto loan execution that's unique because those things are fairly straightforward applications mortgage and things like that really take a lot more process around them. So I'd say cards and autos are the dominant part of it.

Answer_56:

    I think it will continue to rise in terms of dollar amount, probably rise in terms of percentage. But remember as sales grow overall in the Company, getting it to 50 means they have to win the mix race in the growth overall. But we are becoming more and more capable in delivering this, and that's why you've seen the nice growth, and so we are applying it deeply where it can really be the primary method and things like cards and autos are the easier play.

Answer_57:

    Yes, well, Merrill Edge is, obviously, an across-the-board execution. There are clients that utilize that in Merrill and in US Trust and the broad Consumer business. So it's a broad execution and well-recognized as being one of the leaders by the various authorities.
We believe, and one of the things Terry Laughlin and Keith Banks and Andy Sieg and John and others are working on is to increase our capabilities for both the advisor and the customer in digital more or less stated in that GWIM business. So we think there's upside for us. Again, less customers, so the leverage is not quite the same, and that's why we spend a lot of our time around the consumer and there's just less leverage.
In the advisor you have to think about that business because the advisor is the core strength that we have to the customer that we have to have an execution which is universal between the advisor to the customers they can all see the same thing. And so we've got some great capabilities now in My Merrill and things like that.
But we plan to continue to enhance them and continue to integrate them so when they get the loans and deposits and things like that they are much more integrated over time. You can still see it all, but it's not where we want it to be.

Answer_58:

    Yes, if you remember when we made that target it was in the context of a 1.5%, 2% GDP growth economy much like we have now and a rate environment incremental from where we have now. So I think the shareholders and this management team would be happy if we were having a discussion about revenue-related incentives going up faster than that. That would be good news for the Company.

Answer_59:

    Thank you very much. And we look forward to speaking to you next quarter.

