Question_1:

    Hi, good morning. A couple of questions. One on the litigation reserve build that you did in the quarter, you mentioned that the FGIC and the trust settlement were fully reserved for. So that means that none of the $2.4 billion increase in reserves in 1Q that you called out was for that settlement?

Question_2:

    So I guess I am just wondering, if you could give us a sense or color as to what you are referring to there. It doesn't look like that went to the monolines or the PLS so is this something that is broadly mortgage related or is it something else? Given that it is such a large reserve build, does it suggest that there is another settlement on the near term?

Question_3:

    Okay.

Question_4:

    Okay. Just moving to capital, on Basel III, you gave us some great information on the transitional to the fully phased in walk there in the appendix.
I guess I am just wondering, you did narrow the gap between standardized and advanced by 30 bps. Could you run through how you did that in the quarter?

Question_5:

    Okay, that's great. Thanks for the color. Just lastly on expenses.
You did show a nice reduction in core expenses. Could you speak to some of the things that have been hitting the headlines recently? Cuts in global markets, 5%, is this accurate?
Is it part of New BAC, or is it more a normal course expense management? And then the branches are down 10% over the last two years. How much more optimization is there?

Question_6:

    Right, but from here this branch level you think holds or you still have more work to do on pulling it down?

Question_7:

    Got it. Thanks.

Question_8:

    Thanks very much. Looking for a quick comment on the overall loan picture.
There is always a lot of puts and takes, so the commercial side grew by 8% year over year. The consumer shrunk by 4.7%.
A lot of that is run off. So can you just give a general comment on how you are feeling about loan growth, and then weave in there your commentary on the mortgage origination pipeline being up 23% in the first quarter. Thank you.

Question_9:

    And summing it all up, I just -- I don't want to put words in your mouth but if you look at the net of up just 50 basis points for total loans year on year, it just sounds like it is better than that just because of the runoff and I just wanted to make sure that I get that specific comment.

Question_10:

    Okay.

Question_11:

    Right. Follow up on the legal, you mentioned the first two were fully reserved for.
The 2.4 adds to the reserve, where are we now in terms of the estimated losses above and beyond what you reserve for? In other words, I would think it could go down as you continue to add for the reserve.

Question_12:

    Correct.

Question_13:

    Okay, appreciate it. And then last one on slide, I think it is 14.
Just curious, the equity investment income, what is driving that? It seems to have a nice steady and upward trending slope.

Question_14:

    Okay, that's good for me. Thank you.

Question_15:

    Hi, Bruce, hi, I was wondering if -- just want to understand the dynamic of the net interest income outlook I guess in the second quarter. It is the increase in lower yielding liquidity on an average basis and that is going to push the NRI down a little bit.
That overwhelms the day count. Is that what is happening in the second quarter?

Question_16:

    Okay, and what is helping it grind higher beyond the second quarter, Bruce? Just as a reminder, what helps it grow in the third and fourth quarter and beyond?

Question_17:

    Okay, then on litigation expense, Bruce, with the big reserve build in the settlements this quarter, what is the outlook there? I know it is tough to forecast but should we assume that a few hundred million of litigation expense will persist for the next several quarters?

Question_18:

    Okay, and then, Bruce, just to clarify the provision commentary that you made, your outlook is for net charge-offs to grind lower modestly, and reserve release to continue, but probably at a smaller level than the 380 we saw this quarter.

Question_19:

    Okay, and last thing for me, just wondering if trading and fixed income in particular, do they have any notable sequential trends in the quarter? Did trading get better in March and early April as rate volatility started to pick up a little bit or anything like that?

Question_20:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_21:

    Morning. This is actually Thomas LeTrent on behalf of Paul.
Another sort of expense-themed question. There has obviously been an increased amount of regulatory scrutiny on MSR transfers. Can you [stretch] for me a little bit, whether if those transactions got delayed or pushed out if it would impact your ability to meet expense targets or just a little color there?

Question_22:

    Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you very much.

Question_23:

    Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about just operating leverage and, again, expense progress.
So year-over-year, revenues plus or minus are down $1 billion and if I am looking at slide 7, I am looking at the core expenses were down a few hundred million and that is net of all the New BAC benefits. So can you talk to us about just the push and pull between the net BofA, the new BofA, New BAC reductions and then what cost inflation you are seeing, if any, underneath the core? And then as you look forward, just how we should expect that core line to interject, you know, the $13.6 billion excluding the retirement eligible?

Question_24:

    Thanks, Bruce. And as just a follow-up to that, then, we are going to continue to see improvements to get to that $2 billion New BAC level by mid next year, but given what you anticipate on the revenue side, do you feel that that is enough to get you where you want to go in terms of profitability improvement or is there anything you can contemplate or need to contemplate as far as finding other incremental ways to fund those investments or drive more to the bottom line?

Question_25:

    Got it. One last one, just card income and service charges, a lot of other banks have been seeing weakness there, partially weather, partially regulatory, partial pricing changes. Anything that you guys are seeing or anticipate seeing on any of those fronts looking ahead?

Question_26:

    Okay. Thanks very much.

Question_27:

    Good morning. First, just a couple follow-ups. How much of the New BAC savings were achieved by the end of the quarter?

Question_28:

    All right, so you have $300 million per quarter to be achieved by mid-2015?

Question_29:

    Okay, and then the LAS savings, you have another $500 million a quarter to be achieved by the end of the year?

Question_30:

    All right, so $800 million total, quarterly expense savings we should expect over the next year or so. So should we expect all of that to hit the bottom line?

Question_31:

    Okay. Do you have an efficiency target for the firm? I am just looking at page 3 of the supplement and the efficiency ratio is kind of thrown off by the charges and it has been in the 70%s the last few quarters.
97.68%, I don't think you consider that your core efficiency ratio. But, so what do you consider your core efficiency ratio and where should it be and where do you hope to get -- when do you hope to get there?

Question_32:

    Okay, so do you have a specific timeframe for that or just when rates go up?

Question_33:

    Shifting gears, the tax rate excluding the mortgage charge for the first quarter was what?

Question_34:

    I'm sorry, the tax rate? You said the tax rate going ahead will be 31%. I am just trying to figure out what was the core tax rate for this quarter, excluding the charge?

Question_35:

    Okay. You had record wealth management for the quarter and one of the online brokers recently said that the big brokerage firms are doing better. Do you -- how much do you attribute the record wealth management to the environment versus what you are doing versus it is better to be a big broker?

Question_36:

    You are allocating more capital to GWIM as well as global banking and global markets. Is that increased capital allocation due to regulatory capital changes or a deliberate move by you guys to invest more for growth in those segments?

Question_37:

    I agree, so it sounds like it is partly business growth and partly regulatory related and partly a desire simply to have less unallocated capital?

Question_38:

    Okay, and then lastly, the Bank of New York ruling was good; I did not expect that, but you still had a $6 billion charge this quarter and another $2.4 billion extra charge in the last 15 work days since the FHFA amount was announced. And I know you have had several questions on the call, but what is left as far as potential legal charges because it seems just so lumpy and within just a few weeks you could have another $2.4 billion charge, seemingly out of the blue for some of us. What is left?

Question_39:

    All right, thank you.

Question_40:

    Thanks very much. Good morning.
Let me just start out by saying on the litigation front I actually thought it was very good that you have provided now for a bunch of the issues that are actually still pretty visible out there, so that is just a thank you for having done that. I have a question for you on the control environment costs.
Some of your competitors, JPMorgan and Citi, have spoken to billion dollar type numbers for increased control environment cost in the wake of CCAR issues over the last few years and obviously all of the heightened scrutiny. I was wondering if you could give us a sense for what your control cost increase has been over the last year or two?

Question_41:

    Thanks. That's helpful color, certainly in terms of thinking about the timing. You did allude to some increase in technology investment in GWIM and obviously the margin they are contracted a little bit. Maybe you can give us a little bit of a sense for what this -- I think you alluded to Merrill One?

Question_42:

    Thanks, and then final one for me. You gave the leverage ratio as being above the 5% and the 6% requirements based on the most recent NPR. Subsequent to that, I guess Basel came out in March with some suggested changes to the netting on a standardized basis for counterparty credit and I was wondering if you have any sense at this point what the impact on the leverage ratio would be of those changes, if implemented?

Question_43:

    That is from the Fed, right? The April release from the Fed?

Question_44:

    Right, no, what I was referring to is that Basel had come out with something in March which one would assume that eventually the Fed will adopt for the standardized approach to counterparty credit. And I think JPM alluded on Friday to the idea that that could add, depending on whether you look at the holding company or the bank unit upwards of 20 basis points to the leverage ratio because it takes into account the netting to a greater extent. And I was wondering if you had any -- if you had done any preliminary work on that?

Question_45:

    Got it, okay, thanks very much. Appreciate that.

Question_46:

    Good morning. If I could just follow up on the net interest income comments and thoughts. I guess just bigger picture, it seems like the outlook is a little bit lower than what you had previously thought, and I guess I think about building liquidity, it tends to be dilutive to NIM but not net interest income dollars. And some of the things you pointed to were seasonal.
So just like big picture I guess when you think about where you had thought net II might be a couple quarters ago, looking out. What is worse?
Is it more runoff than you thought? Less loan growth because you are tightening up versus what some others are doing or is it just the rates haven't moved at all, or some combination of all that?

Question_47:

    Okay, and then just switching topics, on the core LAS cost, so ex-all the litigation, you reiterated the target for year end, I think of about $1 billion or $1.1 billion. Still feel good about the $500 million per quarter late next year?

Question_48:

    Okay, and is that something that we could see overshoot to the downside like we are seeing in charge-offs? Obviously like credit is getting much better than a lot of us would have thought a couple years ago? Do you think those core LAS costs end up just being much lower than expected once you work through all the issues?

Question_49:

    Okay. And then just lastly, on the SLR again, just care to provide any more details in terms of how much above 5%, how much of a 6%, roughly?

Question_50:

    Okay. All right, thank you.

Question_51:

    Thank you. Three questions.
One is, operational risk, you talked about that now represents about 25% of your risk-weighted asset, so in doing that in the past, that is very sticky. How do you think you can manage around that amount of capital just being trapped and the fact of all these past settlements that you have had to kind of live through?

Question_52:

    I mean is the only true way is just almost disembark from mortgage because there was so much in that particular area, the only way to clean it up is to say maybe if that is all related to those mortgage settlements, mortgage-related settlements it is just not worth caring that baggage going forward even though it wasn't really your fault, it was the Countrywide legacy more than it was your own operations.

Question_53:

    Got you. Secondly, you called out that mortgage servicing hedging was unfavorable this quarter. If you kind of look at the environment, it seemed like I have seen in others that it was actually a positive, not a negative. What was in particular happening in your mortgage service hedging?

Question_54:

    Got you. And then lastly, when you think about moving from your mortgage-backed securities into agencies and treasuries that have shorter durations, that is kind of throwing you to become more asset sensitive. Are you thinking about because the liquidity rules are making the balance sheet become more asset sensitive employing more interest rate swaps or off-balance-sheet hedging to rebalance and not become so much more asset sensitive due to these other pressures?

Question_55:

    All right, thanks.

Question_56:

    Good morning, guys. Question on the mortgage business.
I think there was an article in the Wall Street Journal this morning or somewhere that the business is getting off to a slower start than we would have thought given the spring bounce back that was expected from the winter weather. Has there been any rethinking, Brian, on sort of the eventual size and direction of the mortgage business there?

Question_57:

    Also, could you make sort of a similar pronouncement about the card business, where you stand in terms of share and growth right now and are you where you want to be?

Question_58:

    And just finally, Bruce, you've indicated that net interest income is going to decline somewhat due to liquidity issues, etc. Is that same going to be true of the NIM or is there anything in the mix change coming in the near term that can send the NIM up, or the adjusted NIM up, from this 236 level?

Question_59:

    Right. Okay, thank you.

Question_60:

    Hey, good morning. Hopefully I will keep these two quick.
Just first on home-equity net charge-offs, I guess if you exclude the TDR impact last quarter, they were up and so were home equity NPLs. Could you just sort of talk through what is going on there?

Question_61:

    Okay, that's helpful. Then just on the investment banking pipeline, any commentary?

Question_62:

    Okay. That's great. That's it for me. Thanks.

