Answer_1:

    I think it's a little bit of both. So we did make a decision to invest more on our equities business this quarter. That's going to go up and down depending on client activity in every quarter. We could always change our mind, but generally we made a decision to add more balance sheet [to] equities because we see an opportunity there and because our customers would like us to do that.
In terms of how we add that balance sheet, that definitely can change one quarter to another. This quarter it was a lot of synthetic which tends to happen when you have clients overseas who have some demand. Next quarter it could be more plain old PB and that does change the mix of NII when that happens. But it's based upon client demand, not necessarily how we want to manage one part of our P&L versus another.

Answer_2:

    Yeah, look, you're -- we are watching it closely. I guess I would point out that Bank of America and the industry really haven't increased, as you point, out deposit rates on traditional bank accounts. I think we believe we deliver a lot of value to depositors: transparency, convenience, safety, mobile banking, online banking, nationwide network, rewards, advice and counsel. There's some real value to having a relationship with us.
And I think this value plus the fact that there has been a lack of market pressure so far has allowed us on traditional accounts to leave rates relatively flat. We are starting to see some rate increases on some account types in GWIM and in Global Banking. And if you look at our models they anticipate that we are going to have to start raising eventually based upon historical experience.
But the bottom line is we are going to balance our customer needs and the competitive environment with our shareholder interest and do the right thing. So we will just have to wait and see.

Answer_3:

    Glenn, I would just that when you dig into the supplement and other materials and look at the consumer business, even the GWIM business, you have to focus on the core checking balances in consumer on a $650 billion deposit base or $320 billion.
And so, that is 10 years of hard work of driving core operating accounts to the consumer with our core checking balances in and the primary account as we call it running near 90% up from the 60%s and 70%s many years ago. And those are zero interest and they will remain zero interest because that's the nature of the beast.
So where you will see other areas like CDs year over year down again 10%, and so we have been driving this business to be core, core and core and that's what's happening. In GWIM you are seeing the pieces that we are functionally investment equivalent move faster. But we feel good about it and we feel good about how we are driving both the value to the consumer for the total of our services relative to interest rate paid on certain types of deposits and frankly relative to non-interest-bearing deposits.

Answer_4:

    No, I think we want to get out of the game of putting size parameters on it. I have given you all the inputs; I can run through them again if you like. But look, we feel good about where we are, that we had some transient things this quarter. There are a lot of variables that go into this. One of the biggest ones is, by the way, predicting people's behaviors, predicting customers. So I wouldn't want to give you a number. Again, if you want I would be happy to go through all the different ins and outs again if you want, but .

Answer_5:

    Look, again, I won't give you a number, but we had a significant improvement in NII from the short end. But the long end also did significantly impact us relative to what we were expecting. Because, as you know, we have a securities portfolio and as rates change there, customer behavior changes and we can amortize more or less of that premium.

Answer_6:

    Sure. We feel good about our goal. I will remind everybody that some time ago now we said that our full-year 2018 expense would be approximately $53 billion. A lot has changed since then, good, bad or whatever, a lot of things have changed. But we are still very confident in that goal. To get there we feel like we need to run in a normal quarter at around kind of $13 billion and then you have got the first quarter that has $1 billion or so more in retirement eligible and FICA.
If you look at our expenses this quarter we reported [$13.7 billion]. Last year we reported [$13.5 billion]. If you back out the data center and the elevated severance we would be at [$13.3 billion]. So we think we've made pretty good progress year over year and we just have to continue to make that type of progress over the next few quarters and we will get there.

Answer_7:

    Effectively, John, it's about a $100 million step down over the next couple quarters, which has been very consistent with what we've been doing over the past several quarters. We used to have the major drops as we got it position, but it's going to be a $100 million-ish year-over-year step down from the prior year and so you will see that kind of play out we think.

Answer_8:

    I would make it -- Jim, I'd look more to the broader aspects of your question. Some of the statistics that I talked about earlier. What has been driving this has been, at the end of the day, to get ourselves positioned as the core transaction -- on the transaction side of the consumer business there's a core transaction provider to every household.
And we have -- our checking account numbers are growing now slightly -- couple hundred thousand net new checking accounts this quarter type of numbers -- but have been falling from 37 million and small business consumer combined down to about 34 million-ish. And so, we had run off a lot of stuff that were extra checking accounts and things like that starting 10 years ago frankly.
And so, that's what plays to your benefit here because, at the end of the day, as rates continue to rise, if they continue to rise, the value of the consumer deposit franchise, as you know being around this industry for a long time, is going to be driven by the advantage in the checking balances. And then from the other balances will help but they will be more rate sensitive.
So it comes more from the operating business than it does from any strategy on actual pricing. Because those are free balances and will remain free. So the question is how do you gain share? And what you see is, if you think about it year over year, our consumer business grew about $60 billion in deposits, round number, half of that was in checking account balances, one half of that.
And that is driven by the innovation I talked about, 1 billion digital interactions this quarter, 22.9 million active digital mobile customers, 30 million odd active digital customers, more and more capabilities there and becoming more and more embedded in everything the consumer does. And that then means you are gaining share against people who don't have all those capabilities in our minds.
And so, as you think about it, that's what's going to drive a lot of deposit value. And if you look at some of the rates and volumes charts, even if you get to the interesting things when you look about the Corporation overall, year over year our deposit costs on interest-bearing, [not on] interest-bearing, we are up $100 million. $60 million of that was in the US and $40 million of it is on 10% of the interest-bearing deposits outside the US. So there is not even that much movement on the interest-bearing part.
So we feel good about the franchise and where we need to price because it's more investment oriented say in the GWIM business, we've priced to maintain those balances. Half of what went out of GWIM this quarter was us putting people into the market based on our allocation methodology. So irrespective of the rate that went into the market as opposed to into other cash equivalent. So it really comes from all the different advantages we've been driving at to drive this franchise for 10 years.

Answer_9:

    All of them would be helpful in the sense that there's a good amount of work that's gone in by all the industry groups, all the individual companies and the administration to come up with a list of things that -- our belief is we want responsible, clear, transparent and regulation that helps maintain the safety and soundness and capabilities of this industry, there is no question.
But in areas where things have gotten too far you've got to bring them back a little bit and that laundry list is really there to provide it. So while some are more important to our franchise than maybe other people's franchises and vice versa, at the end of the day a careful revisiting of some of these things to ensure that we maintain the safety and soundness while getting good regulation is critical. And I think hopefully the ball is moving forward on that.

Answer_10:

    Sure. So let's start with NCOs. Charge-offs this quarter were 2.87%. They were at 2.66% last quarter -- last year I should say. Both of those numbers -- and that delta is completely within our expectation and modeling for the portfolio, well within our risk parameters.
As you think about what's going on here we've got a portfolio, we've got a back book that is in great shape that's getting smaller every day and we've got a front book that we are growing that is seasoning. So that's what's driving up the NCOs in a natural way very gradually.
We also have a little different phenomenon going on this year. Obviously there is some seasonality as you go throughout the year. So as you think about the future next couple of quarters we have got seasonality, which is going to be -- all else equal if the year is normal it is going to be lowering the net charge-off rate, but you've got some seasoning that's going to be increasing it. So we will just have to see how that plays out over the next couple quarters. What was the second part of your question?

Answer_11:

    Sure. I mean a couple of things. One, tend to think of it as opposed to the margin as put just the dollars that we are producing there and we've got modest growth in the number of cards outstanding. We have got good growth in debit and credit card spend.
And just focusing on the margin I think overlooks some key benefits of our strategy to attract relatively higher quality card customers and reward them for deepening their overall relationship with us. That strategy is driving incremental deposit growth and making those deposits a little bit stickier, so that helps NII. It also, if you think about these customers, they have lower loss rates and they tend to reduce their interaction with the call center.
We also have a model that has lower acquisition costs in terms of those new cards. So that's how we think about it. If you just want to focus in on the risk-adjusted margin, that's going to, I think, perform well in line with the industry and probably drift a little bit lower. But we are more focused on total revenue.

Answer_12:

    Look, absent some change in the world and the economic situation, we don't see a reason why that necessarily changes materially. I don't want to give you guidance, but that's kind of our view.
In terms of releases, we are building -- I just pointed out we are growing loans, we are growing card. Things are seasoning, that's seasoning. So, we may have some releases, but I would more think of those releases as potentially offsetting some of that growth.

Answer_13:

    Well, I think, Betsy, to be careful there, you have to go back to the broadest context which is the 6,100 to 45. We got after this relatively early and so we've got it down a level. We don't know where it goes from here because it will be based on customer behavior demand.
But if you go back, if you think about it, over the last several years we've been adding branches in places like Denver and we will continue to build out there. We have been refurbishing branches heavily across the whole franchise. That's all in this run rate you see. And that will continue and in the expectation I'm talking about.
So we'll -- I think we drifted down 15, 17 branches linked quarter, 100 odd year over year. That will continue to happen. But I think what you would expect is the efficiency of that system continues to improve dramatically. So let me give you an example.
In Chicago we had one of these old big branches, and what we have done is created a call center in there and we have 70 teammates going to work in the call environment just to use up the physical space to keep the branch open as opposed to closing the branch. So if you think about it from the scheme, because the telephony capabilities that exist today you could actually distribute phone calls down to individual people based on the number coming in and things like that local calls.
So we have done that in three or four markets. We continue to use up the excess capacity. So you wouldn't see a branch decline there, but you would see 80% of its real estate goes for a different purpose. So it's a very complex thing and I don't like to get caught by numbers. I'd say that you've seen us manage it well and we'd expect to continue to manage it well in the future. But we are not good to get ahead of the customer and create any disruption to the growth we are seeing in the core channel.

Answer_14:

    I think you've seen us start to make improvements and changes have gone through and the overall advanced RWA op risk being a portion of that, the change has been more in other areas quite frankly. We will expect to see further. But you have to be careful.
At some point standardized then backs into your constraint. And so this will be a toggle between -- for a long time advanced was our need and over the years now it's coming down and so standardized at some point will counter veil the improvement overall and then we will go to work on standardized quite frankly.
So expect us to continue to work on optimization of the balance sheet. Really at the end of the day opening up the difference between our GAAP capital levels for lack of a better term and our regulatory capital levels. So we are down -- RWA on an advanced base down $30 billion odd this quarter. Expect that to continue to improve, but be careful that at some point it hits the other side.
And then where we have so much excess capital is just kind of an interesting exercise. But in a world where we actually start returning that capital through our earnings we are going to have to continue to optimize both sides of that equation.

Answer_15:

    We've always been clear that -- in the guidance still relative to large banks is out there sort of 30% of earnings to dividends and 70% to share buybacks. We think that the shares are a tremendous value and we will continue to do that. And with $17 billion over the next 12 months we can make some headway. So think about 30/70 split for us and in the large bank category I think that's a responsible place to be. Right now we are moving up towards that but we are not quite there.

Answer_16:

    Well, the first thing I would point out is that we have a goal to get our ROA up, we have a goal on our return on tangible common equity -- 1% on ROA, we are making a lot of progress. Return on tangible common equity we want to get to 12%, we are at 11.2% this quarter. And we have been making steady progress and if we stay focused on operating leverage and doing the right things for our customers we know we are going to get there.
I would make a point to what Brian was talking about earlier about our excess capital. So if you just look at the 11.2% return on tangible common equity we had this quarter, and you -- if we ran the Company at 10% capital instead of 11.5%, that would still be above our regulatory minimum, we would have a 50 basis point buffer. That would have increased that return on tangible common equity to 12.6%.
So we are at our goal right now from an operating standpoint if we could just continue to make progress on the amount of excess capital we have at the Company. In terms of ROE, look, we've got a lot of goodwill. We could tomorrow just write off all that goodwill -- nothing would change at the Company. Your ROE would just go up to your return on tangible common equity.

Answer_17:

    I think -- every time I say this can't go up because we are starting some inflection point where you have got penetration, it continues to go up. So I think we ask 30 million odd checking holders, so think about the delta between those two being available, for lack of a better term. You've got 34 million digital users and so you still have some digital only users who don't use the mobile phone just because they do it which means they come through the website instead of an app, for example.
And so, each year we think it's not going to -- you are starting to hit a possible inflection point it goes up 10% or 15% year over year. And so I think there's headroom ahead of us. So I think of us having 30% more that we could get just easily and we are growing the customer base and we will drive it. And as you see norms change you will see that penetration continue to increase.
The important thing isn't necessarily only the 22.9 million users. The important thing is how people use it. And so, just take the P2P payments, even though we do 18 billion this quarter, even though it's been a product we've had for a while, even though we are going to re-launch it and we will see [whether the sale of that] will drive it, it's still 3%.
And even though all the wallets, whether it's Apple or Samsung or Android, etc., all those are out there, they are still 1.5% of payments. And so at the end of the day we've got a lot of work within the customer base in how they use all the form factors to get more efficient and more effective for them on top of what you think is more penetration so to speak.
So, we've got a long way to go on penetration, only 22% of the sales are done, so we will continue to drive that. But importantly for the team -- [Tom] and Dean and the team is to drive that usage up. And that's where we are starting to see some good pickup, but there's a lot of room to go there.

Answer_18:

    It's Zelle, not Gazelle, but -- I don't want to violate anybody else's trademark here, but it's still pretty early. The nice thing is that the industry has built a network among all of us that allows us to operate very easily among us all the companies. And so I think the better time to talk about it would be in six months or so after we've gotten everybody up and operating and driving it through.
But previous to this we were already driving it and it was up double-digits year over year. And so, this ought to -- just awareness and with the students signing up for accounts from now to the fall you will see a lot of embedding this in our marketing and our capabilities. So maybe next quarter we will have a better read.

Answer_19:

    We didn't disclose the amount. It was meaningful, not a huge amount but it was meaningful. And again I would remind everybody that over time it's just going to reverse itself.

Answer_20:

    No, I don't think so.

Answer_21:

    Matt, at the highest level, remember -- if we go back and think about where we started the quarter, where we ended it, we took out about half of what we thought the increase was going to be due to the card. The rest of it, all the factors, Paul has talked about ins and outs chewed up the other half of the projected increase. So that will give you a sense of dimension.

Answer_22:

    Sure. Let me just run you through the whole picture, okay, if you want to build any models. On the revenue side it's primarily interest income, think about $10 billion of receivables at 9%. Plus you've got a little small amount of card income, I think that was around $30 million in the second quarter. The efficiency ratio for that business is around 40%.
If you look in our supplement you can see I think the net charge-off ratio has been running a little bit less than 2%, call it $40 million, $45 million per quarter. I think that probably gives you just about everything you need to model it. I would remind you that when we sold it we did get a 12 and 15 basis point improvement in our CET ratio on an advanced and standardized perspective respectively.

Answer_23:

    Well, if you take that the 9.5% is the place we are at, we have 50 basis points or so of cushion on that at all times. And so, that gives you a sense where we are and we are running at 11.5% and that difference is available. So you would expect more. Assuming that we have a 2% growth environment and continue to grow and there is no big recession that comes, we continue to ask for more capital return.
I think to keep you focused in the near-term, we've got $17 billion plus that we've got to take out in the next four quarters, which is a pretty healthy chunk. And then we will go through next year's CCAR process and you'd expect us, like the industry, to keep stepping that up to start to work against that excess.
Against that, when Paul talked about the last question, the UK card, remember the thing that people have to think about is not only does it give you current capital benefit, but also in the stress the losses and stuff are out of the system. So you can also pick that up. So I would say simply pointing to the next 12 months we are going to return more capital we earned in 2016, to give you a framework, and we would expect to ask -- as we earn more in 2017 we would expect to ask more for the next ask and keep driving that forward.
And everything contributes -- [it's] better asset quality, better earnings and better modeling and everything else. So, our CCAR losses continue to come down and we continue to drive to responsible growth. So just think about that as a framework to say more in the future, but we've got a nice pickup just coming in the next four quarters.

Answer_24:

    You are asking me what have you done for me lately. We are getting to $53 billion first, Steven, and then we will move from there. But the idea is if you think about an expense base of a financial services firm, and Bank of America in particular, about two-thirds of the costs are people costs. The cost of salaries and wages, incentives, etc., healthcare costs rising at 6%, 7%, 8%, 9% a year.
And so, our job is to figure out how to pay our teammates fairly and more for more productivity and what they do to drive for you US shareholders. And if you just lock in a growth rate on just that part of the expense base, you are locking 2% growth. So what we do through all these initiatives is figure out a way we can turn that into being on a core basis year over year sort of flattish.
And so, whether the $53 billion keeps coming down or stays flat while revenue keeps going up, that will produce further operating leverage. And so, we haven't told -- we haven't made projections past the $53 billion. More just because we've got a lot of initiatives coming in.
But you should expect that we will be just as disciplined and thoughtful about how we both invest and invest to take out expense that we have been so far. And I think that will redound to our benefit in terms of keeping those expenses relatively flat as revenues grow in the future.

Answer_25:

    I would say -- let's see what happens. I don't think it will change our thinking. We have accommodated customers' larger balances in some of the areas and some cash IRAs and things that get a little bit different, but just out of necessity.
But the overall trend of driving towards the model products and driving towards the effectiveness and offsetting demands for lower and lower cost structure the customer pays in fees to get higher and higher service and the capabilities from us is what's driving this. The fiduciary rule is only a part of it. And so, I don't expect to change our course.

Answer_26:

    It's changed a little bit. We are a little bit more sensitive on the long end now that -- since rates went down. The asset sensitivity on the short end hasn't changed that much.

Answer_27:

    It's like -- it's actually -- it's like two-thirds/one-third.

Answer_28:

    Just to back up, the first half of the year when you think about the rate environment it's really changed on the short end. Just to give a sense how it works, we got a $1.5 billion -- $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion pickup in first-half NII versus last year and so that gives you a sense. It really is driven 60%-70%, depending on the quarter, by the short end.

Answer_29:

    I think that's an important point. Again, we picked up that $1.5 billion and you haven't seen the sensitivity change much. So that tells you what is embedded in the pass-throughs in the first half of the year.

Answer_30:

    We don't think about M&A in the context of our capital strategy. We are organically growing this Company, including open up in markets, investing in bankers, investing in branches, investing in things. And the capability -- and investing in cash management capabilities. We've built out the lot in Asia, Tom Montag and the team driving our global franchise -- we just don't need the distraction.

Answer_31:

    I think, depending on the business, at the end of the day, if you go across eight businesses -- in the relationship business it's been just deploying more and more relationship management teammates and being able to pay for that while bringing expenses down across the board.
So that's whether it's US trust or Merrill Lynch, the preferred business in Consumer, the business banking, global commercial bank, [global] corporate investment banking and driving that -- always had great products, we just literally had to add more sales teams. Behind that has also been the deployment in technology to help those sales teams. We are using artificial intelligence to prioritize their work in terms of targeting their efforts.
And then if you look in both the markets business separate from the commercial side of it in the true markets business and you look in the mass-market consumer business, what we call retail, you see the nice thing about the retail business and mass-market is we are now growing and making money in a business which it was a little bit tricky. And that's largely because the electronification, digitization has been driving it.
And if you go to markets, the team in equities and fixed income has done a great job of repositioning that business and it's gaining share. So in each case it's investments in people, technology, better customer experience. And that all sounds like you say it all the time, but it has been a relentless focus in just driving that and investing behind that at all times taking out some of the extraneous costs including credit costs through very disciplined client selection and credit underwriting capability.

Answer_32:

    I think, Marty, across all the years since the crisis there has been ebbs and flows in customers' views about where they want to invest and the cash portion of our balance has come up and down. But I think the consumer and the investor are very bullish on America and they continue to invest in it.
Consumers through their spending and activity do and investors on the personal side through their investments. And you've seen those investments in equities and risk products continue to rise almost without fail. And then when there's real market disruption concern you see it pull back a little bit. But basically without fail there has been a steady investment and that's why we've hit assets under management levels of record levels at this point.

Answer_33:

    Well, the business pre-crisis that came out of some of the other firms, and etc., was driven by a basic view of generating more and more mortgages as opposed to customers and penetration of customers and giving mortgages to the customers. And so one of the ways -- the major way it did it, 75% of its production was bought from third parties, either its correspondence or brokers or brokers or whatever the methodology. All that is gone.
And so, if you had that size of production that was bought in the secondary market through wholesale trades of the production you would have to go off balance sheet because you wouldn't have the capacity. During 2004 to 2008 we generated $2 trillion of mortgages or something like that. So you had to go off balance sheet.
Now where we are now where quarterly production runs $13 billion, $15 billion, and this huge deposit franchise that needs to be invested, you can put those mortgages on the balance sheet. The odd thing would be in the past we were sending them off and then buying back mortgage-backed securities. The answer is we just retain the mortgages and frankly the credit quality in ours, it's not worth paying the insurance.
But it really came to focusing on what we call direct to consumer where our market share continues to be solid and really saying we are in this business. It's always been a tough business, it's priced on a commodity basis, it's on your screen every day, and the MSR assets always had interesting issues of how you could hedge them and make them work.
Our goal as a Company was to take all that volatility and up and down out and just focus then on getting mortgages to historic customers of high credit quality. And then why wouldn't we keep them, because, at the end of the day, we've got to invest our deposits somewhere and these are great investments.

Answer_34:

    They're our customers; it's not like we're -- as Brian said, we are not buying somebody else's underwriting. These are our customers. We know these customers. We have [been underwriting] these loans and why pay the insurance?

Answer_35:

    I agree, it's a different market and I think a better one because of it.

Answer_36:

    We feel good about loan growth. Unless the economy changes significantly we wouldn't expect much change from the past few quarters. We did see a little bit of disintermediation this quarter in commercial. That could slow growth in the future. But having said that, we haven't changed our medium-term outlook on our ability to grow loans.
We expect total loan growth at the Company to be low-single-digits and we expect to grow mid-single-digits in our lines of business once -- that obviously excludes the headwind from loans in All Other, the mortgage runoff and now UK card is gone.
So with respect to each segment, we are anticipating modest growth in consumer led by mortgage. We would also expect to grow card and auto, although auto growth has probably slowed a little bit. But we still expect a little bit of growth. That growth is going to be partially offset by continued runoff of home equity loans.
In commercial, again, while things have slowed a little bit, our outlook still remains favorable led by middle market. You saw middle-market loans grow 5% year over year. And I would note that growth in any quarter in commercial can bounce around a bit because you've got acquisition financing thrown into the mix. All of that I think is consistent with responsible growth.

Answer_37:

    We have a tremendous customer base that is underserved in the investment management area. And so, we are going to continue to grow our financial advisor team to serve that customer base, whether it is the teams that work in the branches, the teams that work in the Merrill office, the team that work in US trust and we have been after that and growing that. And so, you should expect that number to continue to go up with Terry Laughlin, Andy Sieg, Keith Banks and the team are driving it.
And so, that's -- it's through unit of production for lack of a better term. It's your team that really has the core customer interface and will drive that. Meanwhile on the nonfinancial advisor side you saw the assets in Edge up 21%, so that means that we are also facing off against the customers who choose to go about it a different way.

Answer_38:

    All right, I think, operator, that's all the calls. So I want to thank everyone for joining us again this quarter. I think if you think about this quarter it's a quarter which shows you what responsible growth is all about: solid earnings growth, very solid operating leverage.
Each business grew first half of this year versus first half of last year and did it the right way, did it while maintaining great risk and did it while we invested heavily in technology and invested in our people. So we look forward to next quarter and talk to you soon.

