Question_1:

    Good morning. I had a few follow-ups on the expense commentary. I guess first, though, just maybe what drove the timing of -- given a three-year expense outlook, is it acknowledging lower for longer rates? Is it finding more opportunities? Or what was the motivation to give expense outlook for 2018 at this point?

Question_2:

    Okay, and then I guess specifically, the $53 billion that you pointed to, does that include the first-quarter stock expense of around $1 billion and some, I assume, nominal amount for legal?

Question_3:

    Okay, and just separately if I can ask, we've had a couple other banks talk about loosening standards a bit on the consumer side. I feel like you've held your standards quite high especially in credit card.
But just any thoughts on appetite for loosening standards a little bit here given the challenging rate environment and the economy is still hanging in there?

Question_4:

    Okay. Thank you very much.

Question_5:

    Hey, good morning. Maybe I could follow up a little bit on the NII discussion. Maybe if you could help us think through -- you talked about near-term kind of flattish, but as we think a little bit longer-term, if the forward curve is realized and/or maybe give some color -- you've had good deposit growth, core loan growth of 9%, but net loan growth has only been about 2.5%.
Do we start to see that inflect more? And does that start to help the out years as well? So, just any color on NII beyond the next quarter or two would be helpful.

Question_6:

    So if -- I guess you don't want to put too many numbers around it, but should we think that maybe starting in 4Q or 1Q we might start to see some incremental NII growth and maybe that accelerates, as you point out, the loan growth overwhelms the rate picture?

Question_7:

    Right. Okay, great. Thanks.

Question_8:

    Hey, good morning, guys. Just one, on the fee side you mentioned all the great metrics in terms of the growth of activity and account growth and whatnot, but we're continuing to see declines year-over-year in card income, service charges and the brokerage business.
So, I was wondering if you can walk us through when you anticipate some of the building blocks turning into revenue. Or are there still some of the spending or competitive pressures building in underneath? So just the outlook for some of those core consumer and brokerage-related fee areas would be great. Thanks.

Question_9:

    A quick two parter on Wealth Management. One, I wanted to see if you saw any difference, post the retention lock-ups of a few months back in terms of [FA] attrition? And then the second part is in wealth management. What specifically -- product or behavioral changes are you putting in place ahead of the DoL rules kicking in in April?

Question_10:

    Okay, appreciate that. And just a follow-up on the 2018 expense target which everyone appreciates. It might be a silly question, but should we -- is it safe to assume that 2017 will be somewhere between 2016 actual and 2018's target?

Question_11:

    Okay. Thanks, Brian.

Question_12:

    Hi, good morning. So I hate to beat a dead horse on the expense question, but Brian or Paul, I was hoping you could provide some more detail as to what specific expense leverage you can pull to really drive that figure to $53 billion.
It is a pretty meaningful delta versus the $56 billion run rate over the last four quarters. I'm just trying to gauge how those expense initiatives might impact revenues and whether we should expect any revenue attrition as those additional initiatives take hold?

Question_13:

    Got it. Okay. So, Paul, based on your comments it sounds like it's really going to be driven by technology and other efficiency initiatives. So there shouldn't be any expectation that we could see any meaningful revenue drop off or attrition in light of those actions that you are taking?

Question_14:

    Thanks very much.

Question_15:

    Thanks. Just a couple of questions on auto and then one clarification on the OpEx guidance. I'm sorry to come back to that, but on the OpEx, is it -- is the 2018 figure where you expect to begin 2018 or end 2018?

Question_16:

    For the full year? On auto, you underscored the origination quality and the high end of the FICO range, but one of the things that we are hearing from dealers is about the compression in pricing that's occurring in the high end ranges.
Some other lenders move up out of the mid-FICO range and I wanted to see if that's something that you think you're experiencing or if you're in fact seeing some stabilization in the competitive area around high FICO auto lending?

Question_17:

    Thanks very much.

Question_18:

    Hi, still more on expenses. This might be good news/bad news. I guess the good news is your expenses over the last year, branches are down 2%, FTE down 3%, almost every expense line is lower, so that's good, and for efficiency ratio is down to 62%.
But the bad news the way I look at it is over the last five years your expenses are down a lot but your core revenues are down even more. So what might resolve at least the issue in my mind? Do you have a specific efficiency target for 2018?

Question_19:

    And I don't want to take away -- I think we collectively appreciate having a 2018 expense target. But if you just take the second quarter annualized, you are at $54 billion. And then if you reduce your LAS expenses you get down to a $53 billion number. So is this ?

Question_20:

    Okay, well that's helpful. And you said a lot is going on and I think some other analysts tried to restate what you're saying. But what are the three biggest drivers then of that reduction and what you might term a core expense base?

Question_21:

    And then lastly, should we expect a restructuring charge or do you pay as you go?

Question_22:

    All right, thank you.

Question_23:

    Hi. I won't beat the dead horse on expenses. Just a quick question on the card business. If I look at purchase volumes year on year, it slowed further from last quarter. Any color on what's going on there?

Question_24:

    Okay, but the divestiture happened in 4Q; it slowed from where it was. It was up 2% year on year in the first quarter and it slowed to 1% year-on-year in the second quarter. So it seems to me a little bit of a weakening trend.

Question_25:

    I know, I am -- in fact, those were both reflected in 1Q 2016 year-on-year growth rates and I'm comparing  --.

Question_26:

    Okay. Got it. Thanks.

Question_27:

    Yes, thank you very much. On the LAS, so you now consolidate the LAS segment into pretty much the Consumer segment. You still -- last on the appendix you said you had about 11,000 workers in that area -- I guess continuing to work through about 88,000 loans.
Should that number continue to move down? Will we continue to see that move down or what's the thoughts behind that?

Question_28:

    Okay, and then you gave some guidance on where you think LAS expenses will be by the fourth quarter. And I'm not sure I wrote it down correctly and I might have misinterpreted it. But was it close to $500 million, you said, or am I off somewhere?

Question_29:

    So, is $500 million the run rate to service the good loans? I'm confused. Or is that still servicing the bad loans?

Question_30:

    Both? Okay. Thank you very much, guys.

Question_31:

    Good morning. Sorry to come back here, but I just hate horses, so I'm going to take another whack at this thing. On expenses, what should we think about as far as your assumptions for legal and then some of your market-related businesses, market sensitive businesses? GWIM end markets? Just because the expense line items in those businesses do have a pretty big impact from market conditions.

Question_32:

    So overall  --.

Question_33:

    Right. I guess I was just -- so you're saying that first of all on legal, the $53 billion includes a roughly $300 million per quarter rate, and that your operating assumption for the GWIM and other market business would assume a revenue inflation and corresponding payout inflation from those businesses from here?

Question_34:

    Got it.

Question_35:

    Okay, that's really helpful. Thank you. And then one quick follow-up on GWIM. You guys highlighted a gain on sale, but could you talk about how much that impacted the margins in that business and then whether or not there was any EPS tailwind there?

Question_36:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_37:

    Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Paul, I wanted to follow-up on the mortgage banking side of things. That was one of the areas you highlighted in terms of potential growth. Year-over-year, the mortgage banking revenue was down fairly substantially. It seems like a lot of that was hedging gains and losses and things like that.
But you also mentioned that you're planning on keeping more mortgages that you originate on the balance sheet. Could you give us a little more color in terms of how you are thinking about that going forward both in terms of the mortgage originations being kept on the balance sheet and how you are thinking about mortgage banking fees?

Question_38:

    Yes, thanks very much.

Question_39:

    Hi. I apologize for going back to the net interest income issue, but obviously the reason why central banks keep interest rates down is because they expect it to increase lending. And I'm wondering if you've done any elasticity studies which show what happens to loans when interest rates go down or up.
And as part of that, there are multiple examples of what happens to earnings if interest rates go up 100 basis points or down. And I'm wondering if you've done anything to show if interest rates remain flat and loans go up 2%, 5%, 6%, 8%, what the impact on earnings would be.

Question_40:

    What I'm asking to get a lot more specific in the sense that you do this with interest rate changes, right? In other words, there's these bubble charts which show what will happen to net interest income if interest rates go up 100 basis points. There is nothing which says what happens to earnings if you see a 5% increase in loans.
In other words, what is more important? In the old days people would show these charts, if you hold interest rate flat and volume goes up, what happens to earnings if you get a 5% increase in lending as a result of interest rates staying so low?

Question_41:

    Yes, but the reason why I'm interested is because the whole discussion that we now have is that interest rates are staying flat and therefore bank earnings cannot go up because the other side of the equation, which is what happens to volume when interest rates go down, is just not discussed at all. So I'd love to talk to you more about it.

Question_42:

    Oh, thanks. Thanks. Just a quick follow-up on the capital ratios. Paul, we saw a pretty big improvement across you and your peers in PP&R on seemingly lower op risk hits, particularly legal. Do we start to see that factor into the advanced approach calculation?
You guys get punished pretty hard on op risk in the advanced approach. Do you start to see some -- I guess some light at the end of the tunnel of being able to reduce that given all the reductions in legacy risk assets that you've seen?

Question_43:

    But you're not -- nothing to read into the results in CCAR yet anyway?

Question_44:

    No, no, but in the PP&R they obviously made that point, that --.

Question_45:

    Okay.

Question_46:

    Right, so it's just a little too early to see any kind of spillover benefits yet?

Question_47:

    Okay, thanks.

