Question_1:

    Hi, thank you. So good loan growth on the commercial -- C&I and commercial real estate side. Just curious what kind of yield is that bringing -- being brought on and from what I understand there's pretty reasonable competition for those new loans. So just curious on how you balance the growth and [marginal] pressure in the markets.

Question_2:

    That's great. I appreciate that. I wanted to get -- your thoughts on the expenses from slide 9. I wanted to make sure that I understood. Should the starting point -- being that the retirement-eligible is a first-quarter phenomenon, is the starting point, the 18.12 less the 900 or so, as we think about second quarter and then folding in the New BAC incremental efficiencies?

Question_3:

    Perfect. I appreciate that. And you also mentioned your long-term debt is down $75 billion year-on-year and you expect more maturities in '13 and '14 in the 20s. I guess that is perfectly straightforward. Does that include any adjustments for what is coming down the pike with OLA or do you just have to take a wait-and-see attitude on what those rules are?

Question_4:

    All right, thank you both. I appreciate it.

Question_5:

    Good morning. Just to follow up a little bit on the fixed income trading results, obviously, it can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but it was down a little bit more than we saw elsewhere. You talked about some of the mortgage areas. Was there a particular gain last year that was unusual or is it just activity?

Question_6:

    Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And then just separately, in terms of your capital actions, I think many were positively surprised by the CCAR Fed approval for buybacks of both common and preferred. Just any commentary in terms of the pace of the common share repurchase and on the preferred side, the timing of that and do you have to issue any to replace what you are calling?

Question_7:

    Okay, thank you very much.

Question_8:

    Thank you, Bruce and Brian, for taking my call. Bruce, I have a question. In the release you talk about -- I mean we have gone through expenses in terms of the stock compensation, if you will, in the quarter and also higher first-quarter compensation related to revenues. And you can kind of back that out and see what the run rate is for second quarter.
But you also mentioned that you expect to achieve $1.5 billion in cost saves per quarter by fourth quarter of 2013 related to Project New BAC. How do I account for that third piece of the pie? I know the stock compensation in the quarter, I know the overall compensation being high because of revenues. How do I account for New BAC and getting to a run rate of second quarter?

Question_9:

    And just to be clear, the $1.5 billion in New BAC by fourth quarter 2013, what are the cost saves running in this quarter on New BAC? So with the delta I can kind of gauge.

Question_10:

    That's great. Thanks so much for the color.

Question_11:

    Hi, good morning. I just wanted some commentary on sequencing of litigation reserves and what has been -- what has already been factored in in terms of the bulk of litigation settlements and then what is on the horizon. Thanks.

Question_12:

    Got it. Thanks. That seems to be the big question for investors. Thanks so much.

Question_13:

    Hi, thanks. Bruce, just following up on that, you have, on that same page, the range of possible loss above additional accruals of up to $4 billion. There was some concerns that some of the recent legal decisions in the monoline cases, particularly around the causation issue, might have impacted your estimates there and it doesn't look like it did. Could you tell us why that hasn't changed any of your outlook on that RPL number?

Question_14:

    Okay. And then you noted that the settlement that you announced today covers 70% of issuance on which claims have been made. Is that what you said?

Question_15:

    Got it. So what does that leave some of the higher profile government  like FHFA and some of the things that we know about?

Question_16:

    Okay. And on the Gibbs & Bruns, the final hearing is in late May. I guess the deliberations could extend for a few months after that. Do you have any idea -- I guess you said third quarter. You hope to get the final resolution in the third quarter?

Question_17:

    Okay. And then switching gears on the net interest income, Bruce, do you expect maybe to do better than the core $10.6 billion now that you have a little bit of loan growth in the day count or do you expect to kind of stay around that level?

Question_18:

    Okay. And how about on credit cost? You had a nice move down this quarter. Do you still have capacity to take the reserves down further and do you expect the provision to make further progress below the $1.7 billion that you did this quarter?

Question_19:

    Yes, I mean this quarter you were below the range, right?

Question_20:

    So are we setting a new range or you still think we should think about that range of 1.8 to 2.2?

Question_21:

    Okay. And then --.

Question_22:

    Okay. One more thing on, Bruce, on the revenue side. The servicing, mortgage servicing revenues seem to take a step down from the MSR sale. What should the cadence of that be going forward? Is part of the decline kind of built in from the phased-in sale?

Question_23:

    And one more follow-up. How do you guys think about the ultimate target of MSR size and maintaining a balance between origination and servicing in the mortgage business for when rates eventually rise?

Question_24:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_25:

    Good morning, guys. So in wealth management, just hoping to dig in. You guys highlighted a couple things that helped the margins move a bit higher, which it seems you don't think they are going to repeat. About how much of a tailwind were those items? And if we are looking ex -- how much of -- it seems as though maybe we might have enough draft anyway because we are looking at like a 500 basis point increase year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter.

Question_26:

    Sure, sure. I think you also highlighted the ALM as a tailwind too. Is there any way to quantify that and can you, forgive the potentially ignorant question, but can you help me understand the mechanics of how ALM will run through GWIM?

Question_27:

    Okay, that helps. Thanks, guys. And then last one, and sorry, it's a little bit technical, but on the NPAs, I guess you guys had said that 20% were from MODs or regulatory requirements. And we have run through the regulatory requirements before. Just hoping to understand on the MODs, it was my understanding that, after about six months of payments, the TDRs are reclassified as current. Do you guys account for TDRs differently than that or can you help me maybe understand how that works?

Question_28:

    Okay, thanks. That helps.

Question_29:

    Hey, good morning. A couple questions, one on mortgage. You indicated in the past that you were interested in increasing the mortgage origination share and you have done that. I am just wondering how close you are to where you want to be or are you still in the process of building out what capacity you want to have there?

Question_30:

    Great, okay. So go from 4% a couple quarters ago up to 10% to 12%?

Question_31:

    And so two follow-ups on that. One is, on HARP you mentioned, how much of the production right now is HARP and how much HARP is in your footprint, your client base that you haven't done yet?

Question_32:

    Okay. And what is left in your client base to do that you haven't done yet? I mean how many more quarters of this do you think you have?

Question_33:

    Okay. And you are just HARPing your current portfolio set? You are not going after other peoples? You have enough to do with your own portfolio.

Question_34:

    Right, okay. And then just separately, on page 6, you go through the regulatory capital. Could you just remind us what your expectation is for RWAs going forward, passive mitigation, active mitigation?

Question_35:

    Correct.

Question_36:

    And the runoff of the structured credit, how much is that right now?

Question_37:

    Today in 1Q?

Question_38:

    Okay. And then the last question is on how you get to the $5 billion ask that you had for CCAR that got approved. Because with the 9.4% common Tier 1 ratio in [1Q3] and these RWA mitigation opportunities coming going forward, clearly you must know going into it that you were going to be well above the 8.5% FFC minimum that is out there and that you would be approaching the 10%, that kind of high end of the range scenario that people in business  like yourself have targeted. So just wondering how you got to $5 billion and how we think about capital ask going forward.

Question_39:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_40:

    Good morning, guys. How are you? A couple of questions for you on retail. You have closed I think 262 branches if I am looking at the numbers correctly over the past year. Can you tell me how that number looks for the coming year and if there is some, quote, optimal number of branches that you want to maintain?

Question_41:

    So what I hear you saying is that this, as you go into 2014, this 5000 branch number is not written in stone, is that correct?

Question_42:

    And my second part to the question would be, Brian, in addressing all these changes in consumer behavior, etc., I mean has part of this program also been to address some of the service issues that you guys had encountered over the past few years as other stuff took more attention?

Question_43:

    And one question, one final question for Bruce. Bruce, the stock is down roughly about 3% in the market right now and there was some disappointment with the headline number. But all the ingredients for the quarter look pretty good. Was it your sense that the $900 million in seasonal costs was built into most estimates or was this a point of variance do you think?

Question_44:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_45:

    Thanks. I just want to circle back to the litigation issues for a moment. And could you just help me understand what precisely at the upcoming hearing on the 30th is being debated? Is it simply the amount of the settlement or is it more the actual legitimacy of the process by which the settlement was derived?

Question_46:

    Correct. I am certainly not asking you to anticipate an outcome. I just wanted to make sure it's not as narrow as the monetary settlement. It is the broader issue of whether BONY followed the appropriate procedures in terms of determining a settlement, is that correct?

Question_47:

    Okay, great. Thanks very much.

Question_48:

    Thanks very much. Just another litigation question. Is it fair to assume that the Countrywide RMBS that were included in the settlement that you announced this morning are all included in the securities that were the subject of the settlement of the Gibbs & Bruns and Bank of New York as trustee process?

Question_49:

    Okay. But looked at from the perspective of the Countrywide securities issues, again, would all of the ones in today's settlement be included in the other -- in the Bank of New York as trustee settlement?

Question_50:

    Okay. And then I don't know if there is anything you can say on this, but any prospective statement about the settlement or possible timing of resolution for the various alphabet soup of remaining litigation, MBIA, FHFA and AIG?

Question_51:

    Great. Thanks very much.

Question_52:

    Great, just like on the trusts that were outside of the Bank of New York, you did provide, on a similar basis. Is there anything you can say about the other lawsuits as to whether there is a provision that has been in there for them based upon some of the experience in the other cases?

Question_53:

    Well, I mean you just . Right, well you have had experience with some of the monolines. I don't know if it is like a facts and circumstances when you think about MBIA or -- so how do you think about whether there has been a provision there or -- and the same thing for the FHFA lawsuits? Are there elements of some of the others that cause you to have had some degree of provisioning for them or would that only happen once those get advanced?

Question_54:

    Right. But I mean the question is is there -- should we think about there having been a component of them or is that all going to be pending?

Question_55:

    Okay, thanks. I'll take that off-line. Just a second question with respect to the mortgage business and the gain on sale. The primary/secondary spread did end the quarter lower than where it was on average. Talk a little bit about how you see that gain on sale trending into Q2 and as we go forward.

Question_56:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_57:

    Thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been asked and answered already. But just a quick question in terms of the deposit cost. You have got your domestic deposit costs down to sub 20 basis points. You have got somewhat higher costs outside the US, although obviously much smaller balances. Is there any -- how are you thinking about being able to reduce though the non-US deposit cost, particularly in the time deposit categories over the next 6 to 12 months?

Question_58:

    Okay. And now a bigger picture question on OLA. You have got about $134 billion of long-term debt at Bank of America Corporation as of the end of the year, an additional $90 billion of Merrill Lynch debt. When you are thinking about OLA, does any -- do you think about potentially explicitly agreeing to support the Merrill Lynch debt? Does that help you at all under OLA or are you planning on just maintaining the status quo on that basis?

Question_59:

    Okay. And then just one final question. You had mentioned the time to required funding has come down a little bit from the end of last year and you intend on maintaining that at above two years. Should we think about that coming down closer to 24 months over the next 6 to 12 months or is it too early to tell?

Question_60:

    Right. Okay, thanks for taking my questions.

Question_61:

    Hi, I had a question on litigation, but before we go there, just there was an article saying that, Brian, you were leading a revenue push at the Company and I was wondering if this is a tweak, a strategic change. And as far as a revenue push starting from the top, is that because of what Bank of America is not doing or is it because of the weaker-than-expected environment or both?

Question_62:

    All right. So as you finish or move further along with the cleanup, just more external focus?

Question_63:

    And then a separate question, back to the litigation. The 10-K and some 10-Qs say that if the courts disagree with the argument of loss causation then the reserves may need to go up and that has not taken place, your range of possible loss is about the same. So I'm trying to reconcile those two thoughts because it seems as though, with Assured versus Flagstar, loss causation was shot down and some other comments in the courts. So how do I reconcile what happened with Flagstar, some other court comments that shoot down loss causation with the comment in your 10-K?

Question_64:

    And the big question here is what happens if the $8.5 billion settlement doesn't go through? And I asked Bank of New York that question this morning and the answer from Bank of New York is well it is up to the courts to decide. But what if the courts decide the $8.5 billion agreement does not go through, what would be the impact on your reserves?

Question_65:

    So you have $8.5 billion in reserves for the $8.5 billion settlement and that may change, but you will wait and see what happens May 30th?

Question_66:

    All right. Thank you.

Question_67:

    Good morning. This is actually [Thomas Laturneau] on behalf of Paul. I have a quick follow-up and I just want to make sure I heard you guys right. Did you say that 50% of your total originations were HARP and if so, would that imply that -- I guess what I am asking is do you think you can replace that with sort of normal retail volume if HARP starts to dissipate in the back half of the year?

Question_68:

    Okay.

Question_69:

    Okay, great. That's helpful. And one additional question real quick. Can you tell me what type of products you are actually portfolioing right now?

Question_70:

    Yes.

Question_71:

    Okay, great. Thanks for taking my question.

Question_72:

    Okay, great. Thanks, guys.

