Answer_1:

    In terms of the economics, we have a great operations team that's working on how do we serve customers reliably and faster. So, certainly, that is reflected in our transportation costs. Also, from a productivity standpoint, we're just -- as we add capacity, we're just getting closer and closer to customers with larger selection, which is certainly helpful from a productivity standpoint.
So those are some of the dynamics that you need to think about when you think about our transportation cost. The team has done a great job over the years of becoming even more reliable and faster and more productive. And, again, they will be working on ways to make that even better over time.

Answer_2:

    In terms of the fresh business, we started doing a pilot several years ago in Seattle. We did a number of -- the team has done a great job inventing on behalf of customers. It's a very good customer experience. The challenge that we've had over the past several years is how to make it economically viable. And so that's -- the team has done a lot of different experiments and invented well on behalf of customers to see what works. And we took a lot of that knowledge, which enabled us to launch fresh in L.A. And it's very early there; we're still in the trial period. It's a good customer experience and we like what we see so far, but it's very, very early.
So it's something that we will continue to work on, both from a customer experience and from an economic standpoint. There's not much more I can add to that right now, so you'll have to stay tuned and see where that ends up.

Answer_3:

    In terms of the third-party unit growth, it was 40% this quarter, which compares to the 40% last year in Q2. So, again, it is flat as a percentage of total units.
One thing to keep in mind, though, is our digital units are growing at a faster rate than physical, and those digital units are primarily first-party units. So if you take out -- digital units out in both periods, we are actually up approximately 300 basis points. So our physical seller business is growing very nicely. It's growing at a faster rate than retail and it's doing very well. And so very pleased to see that.

Answer_4:

    In terms of FCs, we have announced to date five net new facilities in the US. We've also announced some in International. It's still early, as we did in prior -- last few years. We gave you updates as we went along, and so we can update you a little bit later in the year to see how that progresses, but we certainly are adding new capacity and that's reflected in the guidance that you see in Q3 as we get ready for our Q4 seasonal quarter.
In terms of growth in International media, what you are seeing there is, on a local currency growth basis, you see a 7% growth that's consistent with what you've seen in the last couple of quarters. We are at the very early stages. We are excited about what we are seeing so far in digital, but we are in that early stage of transformation from physical to digital within International. And so you see from the release that we have launched a lot of new things related to digital over the past 90 days and even prior to that. So we are very excited about those launches and excited about the transformation.
We are also excited, if you look at our total International business, we've got a lot of opportunities to invest in. I talked about the conversion from physical to digital. We also have selection still to add within existing categories, new categories, new geographies. So we are very excited about the opportunity that we have there.

Answer_5:

    In terms of China, we are investing heavily in China, and we have been for some number of years. We have a good customer experience there. We continue to look at ways to make that even better. We are adding selection across many categories right now. It's a very interesting geography.
And so we will continue to work on that experience for customers. You should expect to see us to be in investment mode for some time, but it's a very sizable segment, very interesting long-term growth opportunity, and we will continue to work on making that better for customers and for investors over time.
In terms of AWS, the business is growing very, very strongly. We've got a great team that's innovating on behalf of customers, launching new services, becoming more productive, which allows us to be able to lower prices. We've had many price reductions since we started with AWS, and we share that very visibly. And so we are very excited about that business. Even though we are off to a very good start, it's a very big opportunity and we continue to invest in that business and we are very excited to do it. We think it's a great long-term opportunity and we have a great team working on it.

Answer_6:

    Yes, just to make sure I have your question, we are seeing -- when you look at our, for example, our North America growth, particularly EGM, we are seeing very good growth across many different categories. But a few callouts -- we are seeing very good growth in apparel, specifically, and also consumables.
And so the team has done a very nice job. Both teams have done a very nice job from a customer experience standpoint and been growing very nicely, and that is something that we are seeing and it does help with frequency to the site as well.

Answer_7:

    Sure. In terms of Kindle, you are right. We now have Kindle stores, if you will, established in all of the Amazon domains that we have around the world. And recently we announced Kindle Fire HD; it's available to customers in over 170 countries. We introduced Kindle Paperwhite and Kindle Fire HD in China. That's both online on our website, and also in a number of off-line retail locations.
So, again, there's a lot of advancement in terms of the Kindle. But again, it's very early. I'm very encouraged by the opportunity that we have there for customers and our ability to try to capitalize on that from a digital content standpoint.
In terms of AWS, the business is expanding and it's an incredible opportunity globally. We recognize that. The team recognizes that, and we will continue to work on that on behalf of customers.

Answer_8:

    Sure. In terms of the way we are looking at them certainly is based on the free cash flow potential. And we have -- we are in some really interesting great businesses that have a lot of potential from a free cash flow generation standpoint, with good, high ROICs, which is exciting.
From a margin standpoint, always challenging to predict where that will come out in terms of absolute numbers, but what we will do is we want to make sure that we try to maximize free cash flow. That's something that we've always said.
So our strategy hasn't changed; our outlook hasn't changed in that regard. Frequently, we would be asked historically, is double-digit operating margins possible? And I still think it's possible. But, also, if it means -- if a good, high-single-digit operating margin gets us to better, higher free cash flow over time, that's fine, too.
So again, our goal is to -- we don't focus on individual margins. Our goal is to make sure that we generate free cash flow, large amounts of free cash flow, and use that capital efficiently. And so those are goals that we have. And we certainly think that opportunity is there in each of the businesses that we operate in.

Answer_9:

    Sure. In terms of Prime, we recognize it over the life of the subscription. And then in terms of third-party versus first-party, certainly we have had some shift within digital media. But again, digital media is primarily a first-party business and happens to be one portion of our business.
But you are absolutely right. In terms of our third-party business, which from a unit perspective is 40% of our total units this quarter, we recognize the share of that revenue; the rev share, if you will, as revenue, whereas the other parts of our business, largely, we are recognizing that first-party revenue, and so we are recognizing the full amount of revenue in the current period.

Answer_10:

    In terms of Spain, we are very excited about what we see. It is growing very fast. We are in investment mode and it's an exciting geography for us. We are very optimistic over time it will be a great geography for us. So we are very happy to serve customers in Spain and we continue to, as we have done in other geographies, that we will continue to serve customers and continue to expand selection and get service levels even better over time. So we are very excited about that.
In terms of Brazil, we do have a Kindle Store and we have devices at physical retailers. So from a Kindle perspective, that's what we are doing in Brazil.

Answer_11:

    In terms of North America total growth, we saw an acceleration from last quarter from 26% to 30%. We saw an acceleration in both North America media as well as North America EGM.
Within EGM, it was very broad in terms of growth. We saw very strong growth across many different categories, and so I'm very pleased with that. I called out a couple that were notable in terms of apparel, as well as in consumables. Certainly, those are getting larger and still growing very fast, which is why I called those out.
In terms of competitiveness, it has been very competitive. It is today; it has been since our inception. We have many different competitors online. We have many competitors off-line. As you go to your home or office, you pass our competitors every day. That's an environment where we are used to dealing in. It's something that's not new. It's something that we see in all of our geographies across many different categories.

Answer_12:

    If you take a look at L.A., it's just, again, very excited and it's very early. So I think on that one, you will just have to stay tuned.
But in terms of as we get closer and closer to customers with fulfillment, we have seen growth due to that. And it has manifested its way in a few different ways, but most notably you see it in Prime. We have -- because of our fulfillment logistics capability, we have been able to offer Prime broadly, and we just have selection that's just closer and closer to customers. And if you look back over the last several years, there has been different reasons why we have grown the way we've grown in terms of adding new selection and making sure that we have really sharp pricing.
But certainly, Prime, which includes speeded delivery, has certainly been a notable -- has had a notable impact. And we are very pleased with the Prime program. Customers like it. We see very strong growth in Prime subscribers. We see very good retention of Prime members. So it's a great program for us and certainly, again, delivery speed is certainly impacting that program, our overall growth.

Answer_13:

    In terms of media growth, not a lot of call-outs, except probably the obvious is digital units growing very fast relative to physical units, and we are excited to see that. And because of where we are, we are further penetrated in North America. You are seeing a bigger impact on our growth rate than you are in International, and we certainly see that. But not a lot of other call-outs there.
But, again, we are very pleased, and certainly customers are responding to many things, including selection and great prices and everything else within those digital offerings. But, also, they are responding to unique selection that we have. And if you take a look at our release, you will see the specific numbers related to some of the exclusives we have and, certainly, that is having an impact. So there's many, many different things that are working for us in that space as part of our overall ecosystem for digital that we are pleased with.
In terms of our device plan, we are very pleased with the devices we have to offer customers. We think we have a great offering, both in terms of Kindle and Kindle Fire. In terms of our future roadmap, we have a long-standing practice of not talking about what that will be prior to announcement.

Answer_14:

    In terms of tech and content, we are spending in a number of different areas, but there's a few that I would like to highlight. One is certainly -- keep in mind that the infrastructure related to our very fast-growing Web services business is included in tech and content. So, certainly, as we ramp up that business and it is becoming more sizable and growing very fast, you are seeing that impacting that line item.
We are also investing very heavily in digital, and that is across many different parts of our digital offerings there. That's also included. Any of the tech teams that are working on customer experience across Amazon as we grow, so as we support both our seller businesses and our retail businesses, they are included in that line item. So certainly, that's what you are seeing there.
In terms of fresh, we are not breaking out the financials. But keep in mind that fresh was designed as a pilot and, certainly, the economics have improved over time through invention on behalf of the team there as well as operating efficiencies. So again, that was set up as a test, which has enabled us to launch L.A.

Answer_15:

    In terms of some of the dynamics, we are very excited about our digital business. We are inventing -- you see a lot of different inventions, both on the hardware side as well as on the software side from a device standpoint. You are also seeing a lot of invention around the content side. And we think, for example, Prime instant video, which combines video and our Prime membership, is very compelling, and we are investing heavily in content. It's still very early there, but we are finding that customers, certainly existing Prime members, are more and more streaming content. We are having new Prime members come to Amazon largely because of video in terms of one segment of that population that's coming from new Prime members; it's because of Prime instant video, and we can see that based on the free trials and the conversion of those free trials related to Prime instant video. So that's certainly one portion of our growth in Prime memberships which we find exciting.
For us, we will offer exclusive content on the book side; it's very interesting. So again, we are inventing -- across a lot of different areas. And, yes, there are a lot of different dynamics, but we think we are well suited for both device software and content side of those businesses.

Answer_16:

    In terms of the International piece, what I was referring to was as in investment mode for some time. I was referring to China specifically. We have a lot of opportunity to grow. We'll still continue to invest in International, but my comment was specifically around China.
And then your question around Quidsi?

Answer_17:

    Hello? Just to follow up, the Quidsi question, I think, was around the founders leaving. We will position with them leaving. I missed the last part of that, but we are fortunate to have the founders with us for a number of years. They did a great job while they were here and we have a great team at Quidsi. We are pleased with that business and the retail team works very closely with the Quidsi business and we are excited to have that as part of Amazon team.

Answer_18:

    In terms of Germany, there's not a lot I can add to there. We are certainly serving customers. Those results are reflected in our overall total results that you see today for Q2 as well as our International results.
In terms of Kiva, we certainly -- we have a great team there, love the technology. We don't have any announcements in terms of rollouts, but we are ahead of schedule from what we had set out at the time of purchase, which we are happy about. So we'll have to stay tuned on the actual rollout, but we are very encouraged by what we see there.

Answer_19:

    We are working through it. I wouldn't say that that's complete, but we are working through it.

Answer_20:

    Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our investor relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

