Question_1:

    Maybe revisiting Mark's comments at the beginning of the call. Would love to get a better sense or granularity about what sort of video content you'd like to see on the platform that could drive a more active or interactive experience than passive. And then the second question will be what does that mean in terms of the business model? Will there be licensing content, funding content that you have to do to build the sort of business you're aiming for, for the medium to long term?

Question_2:

    I have 2. Just -- Mark, to go back on your focus on community and video. I was wondering if you could show us or kind of help us understand what you're seeing in engagement trends or in time spent per user on the core Facebook platform as you've had so many efforts focused on community and video. And then secondly, for Sheryl. You've made such good progress growing the advertising business across SMB and a lot of verticals. I wonder if you -- can you step back -- could you talk to any areas or any verticals where you really see the potential for material improvements or verticals where you're having a hard time cracking into? Do you think it will really be bigger drivers of ad revenue growth going forward?

Question_3:

    I had 2 related questions on video. First, on the OpEx guidance. One of the real consistencies of the business is OpEx growth. You've been growing that at $4 billion to $5 billion incremental spend per year. But the midpoint of your guidance is looking like a $14 billion increase next year. Is the differential there the additional $6 billion, $7 billion, is that -- should we be thinking of that as the video content spend that you're kind of setting aside possibly to spend next year? Just trying to understand where the significant increase would be coming from. And then related, the 35% increase in ad prices. Would you say that, that's predominantly being driven, the acceleration there, by the mix towards video ad breaks and other longer-form video ads?

Question_4:

    I wanted to hit on 2 topics. First, just on the security comments. You talked about headcount increasing from 10,000 to 20,000. I was hoping you could just help us understand. Is that 10,000 fully in the 23,000 headcount that you have today? Or is there a part of it that's not included in there perhaps because it's not full-time? And then just secondly, just going back to the ad pricing changes. Dave, just to clarify on that. I mean, it sounds like what you're saying, it's not that advertisers across the board are seeing that substantial of an increase in pricing, but that's just more an output in your eCPM. Is that the right way to think about it?

Question_5:

    I wanted to just ask a question about your content strategy. And I was wondering, how do you think about Facebook Watch in terms of Facebook-produced content versus the licensing of content that you might engage in? And I was wondering if there's a certain type of content that you think will be best suited to optimize the watch experience.

Question_6:

    Just going back maybe to the investment in security comments. Maybe could you provide a little more detail just on what that investment could look like and how we could think about that showing up in R&D, cost of revs, G&A or maybe a combination? And then maybe any early thoughts on GDPR and potential impact there and maybe some of this transparency efforts if they could have possible benefit?

Question_7:

    I had 2 things. First, as you've integrated more video content into Facebook, are you seeing better time spent per user? Is that really showing up in more engagement on the site? And then secondly, it looks like you're running around $80 a year per user now in the U.S. Quite good improvement over the last couple of years. Just think about benchmarking that versus other media categories or other things in traditional media. Do you still think you have a lot of room ahead to grow that $80 over time?

Question_8:

    I had 2 questions for Mark. One, Mark, as you move to make changes around safety and security and kind of , do you think that this will have any adverse impact on engagement? Or is it just too small to even be material? And then a follow-up on the video consumption comment happening mostly in the feed. Is the deceleration you guys are seeing around impression growth right now a function of promoting video in the feed versus, what else, other things that might be in there? And I guess, asked a different way, should we see impression growth kind of revert back to be at your growth at some point? And then is that likely the next year? Or is that further off in the future?

Question_9:

    A couple of things. You talked about creators, I think, Mark, creating for the platform on their own without you having to invest. But just trying to frame it in the sense of Hollywood, like I look at what Apple is doing now and going -- hiring a couple of Sony executives and doing a $5 million an episode buy of a Steven Spielberg show. And I guess, what I'm trying to understand or I think a lot of investors are trying to understand is, what type of content do you ultimately want? Because I don't think, like, someone like Spielberg is going to work for an ad revenue share no matter how good that advertising is like. So how do you balance what type of content business you ultimately want to build? And then when you look at sports, which I also think about as being kind of really relevant content that has a huge community around it, something like the NFL Mobile rights, I think, come up next year. Wondering how important are those types of -- how important is that type of content? I know you were bidding on cricket rights overseas. But how important is sports in this mix?

Question_10:

    On video, there's been a lot of questions about the ultimate profitability of this going forward. I was just curious if you could share your view. I know it's early, but what your thoughts are there.

Question_11:

    A comment and 2 questions. I think this incremental spend or this materially increased spend on security is highly unfortunate, but I think it makes eminent sense. I think most long-term investors realize the community maximization, including security, would lead to long-term profit maximization. So I think makes eminent sense. 2 quick questions. The Watch tab, is there any evidence or any data points you can give us to -- what kind of traction you're seeing with that so far? I was surprised by how many people are on Marketplace. Any relevant data like that for Watch Tab? And then secondly, of all the regions, Europe really stuck out to us as one that showed surprising acceleration. And I know you talked a little bit about that, Sheryl did, about the SMB pickup and traction there. Any other color for why Europe would have accelerated so much in terms of its revenue growth?

Question_12:

    First, a quick follow-up on safety and security. I guess, I'm wondering why more of the AI machine learning that you've built for product and the ad platform can't be utilized or cross-utilized to help mitigate some of the costs of adding people in technology to handle those issues. And then secondly, related to how much time younger people are spending or not spending on the Facebook app. I wonder if you've looked at over the course of time the trend in usages younger people hit different milestones in life such as graduating from college or getting a job and how their usage of the app changes over that time frame? For example, if you're seeing a steady stream of the users coming to Facebook once they hit those milestones. Any color around that would be interesting.

Question_13:

    Just one question. You guys unbundled the video buy. Can you speak to pricing relative to that 35% average increase in ad pricing? Can you maybe just help us understand the disparity that exists today between pricing on the new video platform and the legacy platform?

