Question_1:

    I have one for Mark. Mark, the offerings on the core Facebook app have improved and changed a lot over the years from groups, live video, search, et cetera. I'd be curious to hear how you've noticed consumer behavior on the core product, the core Facebook app change as Instagram has grown. And how do you think about that evolving over the next 3 to 5 years?

Question_2:

    Mark, in the prepared remarks, you talked about Messenger and WhatsApp being on the early innings of the monetization. And then you also talked about your desire to move faster on Messenger. Just curious what are the factors sort of driving your willingness to move faster. And then how should we think about that both from a consumer and monetization experience?

Question_3:

    I was wondering -- Sheryl talked a little bit about Instagram Stories. I was wondering if you could share with us kind of the initial feedback from advertisers. Did they see it as similar to advertising in the IG feed? Or are they using it to reach people in a different way if you've noticed anything over the period that you've been doing it?

Question_4:

    One for Sheryl if I could. Sheryl, you guys have rolled out some initiatives designed to address specific advertising categories like dynamic travel ads. Could we anticipate more efforts going forward to address categories that may be relatively underpenetrated by Facebook, Instagram and Audience Network? So I'm thinking about categories like financial services, auto, for example.

Question_5:

    Two if I could. Mark, you visited many different parts of the country over the last several months. Just curious how you're applying what you've learned to Facebook and the broader platform. And then, Dave, can you just give any -- some more color on, I guess, how things have changed in terms of OpEx and CapEx just given that we're coming down toward the lower end of the ranges?

Question_6:

    Good. Got couple of questions on the messaging apps. I think 2 years ago at F8, you talked about WhatsApp user base about a little north of 1 billion sending out 50 billion messages a day, and Messenger was about 1 billion and 20 billion messages a day, so implying kind of like 2.5x the engagement on WhatsApp compared to Messenger. Is that accurate? And where does that stand today? And then both of these messaging apps kind of started in different geographies around the world. So how does that impact your thinking around monetization ideas between Messenger and WhatsApp?

Question_7:

    Maybe a question for Mark. I know video is a priority for the company. To start with, any change in user trends or engagement as you've added video to Facebook? And then secondly, just how do you think about semiprofessional or professional video for Facebook? Is that a good business given all the content sharing costs and the production costs when you compare it to kind of your existing social business? And do you see it as cannibalistic or additive as far as usage?

Question_8:

    Mark, I wanted to ask a question on conversational interfaces and specifically, if we should think of Facebook becoming integrated as a skill app or feature on platforms such as Alexa. Or should we think of things like Oculus, Messenger and perhaps even a dedicated device as part of Facebook's own alternative platform? And then, Dave, just hoping you could put a finer point on the timing around the reduction in ad load growth.

Question_9:

    On one of your blogs, you put a post up basically detailing basically what people were doing during TV, and you showed kind of a control group where Facebook usage was really constant. And then you did a group that was watching the TV show, and you saw huge spikes of Facebook usage during the television -- during the ad breaks during the show. Wondering like, as you go talk to marketers, obviously, TV ratings are down a lot. How does that type of study -- I realize it's just one TV show. But as you make the pitch of like why are you not shifting dollars faster to Facebook, how does that type of research start to play into their thinking? And what's holding them back? Is it just the creative doing or the embracing of 6-second ads? Like, what's the block to getting more of that $70 billion of TV ad dollars to shift over faster?

Question_10:

    Mark, you talked about maybe trying to accelerate a little bit the messaging monetization, and I'm wondering if there's anything more behind that statement. Is it that you were frustrated with the level that you'd seen to date or that you saw some opportunity that you thought we -- you could accelerate the push towards, I guess, monetizing? And maybe big picture, I want to ask just, as you think about -- I know the monetization is very early stage or it's barely even begun. There's very few platforms around the world have got 1 billion users that are unmonetized. So you would think that there's a lot of opportunity there but maybe not, and maybe people are making a mistake in trying to look at Asian assets and seeing what they've done there and thinking that you can do that with your assets. So what's the upside? Like when you think about the real opportunity, like what gets you excited about the ability to monetize those assets 5 years from now?

Question_11:

    Two questions. On the Messenger ads, recognize that it's early days, but just wondering if you think there'll be more -- those ads will be more complementary for core Facebook and Instagram advertisers or perhaps serve a different advertiser base or different use cases versus core Facebook and Instagram. And then second question would be, at the high end of the OpEx guide, it implies 53% year-over-year OpEx growth in the back half of the year versus plus 36% in the first half. Just wondering if you can discuss other key drivers of OpEx growth in the back half of the year aside from headcount. Like should we consider investment in video content the #2 driver of OpEx growth in the back half of the year?

Question_12:

    Sheryl, in your prepared remarks about a case study, you discussed the benefits of shorter video ads, but I was hoping you could provide an update on the mid-roll ad breaks that you've now been testing for a few months and maybe what kind of progress that you're seeing in terms of completion rates. Are you at a point where those -- where ad breaks could start to roll out more broadly? And then, Dave, you mentioned that a greater focus on video could impact growth in ad impressions. But would you also assume that a greater focus on video ads could also drive improved ad pricing and yield on your available inventory?

Question_13:

    I have one for Dave, one for Sheryl. Dave, going back to your prepared comments, I think you mentioned there was a 24% growth in pricing this quarter on unit pricing. Can you help us explain or understand underlying that growth which products you're seeing the greatest inflation maybe quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year?

Question_14:

    Already feel like a call about Messenger monetization, so I'm almost reluctant to ask another. But just 2 things. Compared to what you saw in the early phases of testing News Feed ads, what can you say so far about users' responsiveness to ads in Messenger? And then second, obviously, there's a lot of momentum in the development of bots on the platform. And do you see this enabling of a great organic interaction, as Mark put it, as a way to ultimately make Messenger a great ad platform? Or do you think that enabling these other business services can lead to other monetization opportunities down the road independent of advertising?

Question_15:

    I was wondering if you'd comment on how you think the European Commission's GDPR and related privacy initiatives will impact the business, either -- generally either positively, negatively and whether or not those policies around privacy might yet become global standards. Curious how you think that impacts both the consumer product as well as the advertising business. And maybe separately, I'm just curious if -- among those advertisers who've expressed particular concern around third-party tool access, we certainly heard from some who've said very publicly that they're going to reduce their spending. Obviously, others clearly are increasing their spending. But curious how far you've gone towards allaying those concerns and possibly regaining any loss spent.

Question_16:

    Another one on Messenger. So you guys have talked up building -- the importance of building organic consumer-to-business interaction here. So wondering if you can share kind of what sort of adoption you are seeing in those kind of interactions. And are there certain verticals or geos where it's really taking off? And then a second if I can. We've talked a lot obviously already about ad impression growth and how it's set to slow in the second half. You're already seeing a big slowdown in impression growth in the first half, and yet, as you've noted with supply growth slowing, pricing has gone up as you've added a lot of ROA as to your customers. So wondering why should this phenomenon not continue to carry ad revenue growth in the second half.

Question_17:

    Mark, you stated that AR-mixed reality could be the next computing platform, and obviously, this is way out in the future. But if that implies something so large, how do you think about allocating resources for that? I mean, how much are you willing to spend on it and how you think -- any new thoughts on how this all evolves? Then related to that, the next iPhone is coming out soon. Do you think that there'll be capabilities there that will impact the AR evolution meaningfully?

