Question_1:

    Thanks, good morning. Just wondering if we could maybe just speak a little bit at the NII outlook given the dynamics about the stable balance sheet, shifts within the balance sheet and how we should think about both the GAAP and adjusted NIM if the interest rate environment continues to look more or less like it does today? Can you just help us think through what all of those dynamics mean for NII?

Question_2:

    Okay. And with respect to the loan growth, is that in the context of growth in the overall balance sheet or continued stability given mix shift?

Question_3:

    Thanks very much.

Question_4:

    Wondering on expenses, you kept the core expenses flat to last quarter. Did you digest additional CCAR expenses and also some costs related to the proxy vote? What are the puts and takes on keeping that flat and what is your outlook on the core expenses going from here in this kind of environment?

Question_5:

    Okay. Paul, in terms of the credit outlook, do you expect to kind of bounce around here, you've got charge-offs in the low 900s and you did about $100 million in reserve release. So charge-offs 900, provisions 800, is that the kind of ballpark you expect to stay in near-term?

Question_6:

    So that is around 800 a quarter, something like that, ballpark?

Question_7:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_8:

    Good morning. Paul, I just wanted to just you to elaborate a little bit on the comment you made during prepared remarks regarding the composition of the balance sheet improving that being a benefit for trading related NII. Could you just talk through what you did and is that sustainable? The benefit to NII?

Question_9:

    Okay. And then on the conversion of the loan to securities for HQLA given the fact that you mentioned that is done, what kind of core loan growth are we looking for as we move forward here?

Question_10:

    I guess I will take consolidated more than anything.

Question_11:

    And then just lastly on this topic when you are thinking about reinvesting deposit growth etc. in securities, where are you relative to your new investments in securities versus what the portfolio yields are? Are you close to breakeven there?

Question_12:

    Correct.

Question_13:

    Okay.

Question_14:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_15:

    Good morning. Can you give us an update on the CCAR resubmission and then also comment on some of the management changes that occurred there as we think about the 2016 process just how you might approach it differently or similar to what you have done in the past?

Question_16:

    Okay, and then just separately in terms of the credit quality comments that you provided for the next several quarters, how are you thinking about energy as part of that?

Question_17:

    Just a big picture question following up on that, there is a lot of concern I think among credit folks that energy defaults have increased a lot and will continue to increase from here but we are not really seeing all that much pressure either at you guys or the banks. Are you guys higher in the structure, different customer base, why do think there is less pressure maybe with you guys than we are seeing from the industry as a whole outside of banks?

Question_18:

    Okay, thank you very much.

Question_19:

    Good morning, Paul. Just a quick question on the liability side of the balance sheet. You had highlighted that long-term debt was down $6 billion or so in the quarter. I noticed that long-term debt costs were down about 11 basis points quarter over quarter. Is that sustainable in the context of TLAC? Is there just some movement underneath the hood or is it timing? Just kind of help me think about where that footprint and cost go from here.

Question_20:

    No, that is all helpful. Maybe just on the loan growth side, what are you seeing on the demand side as Consumer has begun to pick up for you guys? Where are you seeing the most strength and do you think the environment still is pretty positive from the loan demand perspective in the US?

Question_21:

    Okay, great. That is helpful. Thanks.

Question_22:

    So one of your competitors revealed that their efforts to mitigate some of the GSIF indicators had actually helped push them into a lower GSIF bucket and looking at the metrics that have been published as of year-end, it looks like you are actually closer to the lower end of that 3% threshold. And we have seen some progress in terms of reduction in Level III assets at year end. And just wanted to see if you actually see opportunities to manage that bucket lower somewhere closer to 2.5%?

Question_23:

    Okay. That is really helpful. Thanks, Brian. Maybe just digging into some of the GWIN guidance that, Paul, you had given earlier, the negative operating leverage has been fairly pronounced which you acknowledged and I did appreciate the detail at least on some of the specific factors that weighed on the margin such as litigation and maybe some remixing in terms of revenue.
But just wanted to get a sense as to how we should be thinking about that margin trajectory going forward assuming no elevated litigation and without any rate boost, just to get a sense as to how we should be thinking about that profitability trajectory?

Question_24:

    Okay, thanks for that detail, Brian. Maybe just one more for me on the investment banking side. One of your competitors was talking about a pause in activity that they have experienced so far in 4Q. I recognize it is early days but just wanted to get a sense as to what you are seeing within the global banking and markets businesses and also if you could provide just some additional color or detail on what you are seeing in the backlogs by channel, that would be really helpful too.

Question_25:

    All right, great. That is it for me. Thank you for taking my questions.

Question_26:

    Thanks. A couple of quick follow-ups. I hear all o your comments so no need to repeat them on the feeling decent about credit quality and energy specifically. Just looking for two pieces of info if you are willing to share either reserve as a percentage of loans for energy specifically or maybe what percentage of the criticized exposure is energy related? Just looking for more detail behind the comfort. Thanks.

Question_27:

    Okay, worth trying. In terms of what is going on in terms of the mix shift on balance sheet out of some of the discretionary assets and into the core loan growth, I think everybody will take that all day long. And I am curious on if there are RWA implications that we need to think about, is that a heavier RWA mix even though we will take it -- I am just curious on how that plays on the capital side?

Question_28:

    Okay, I appreciate that. One last one. You commented earlier about the strength in equities partially driven by the good performance in the derivatives business during the quarter. I guess the question is it ebbs and flows but maybe over the last 12 months, not just the last quarter, is derivatives 40%, 50% of overall equities, is that a number you are willing to share?

Question_29:

    I'm saying in any given period, your equity markets revenues, how much of that is driven via the derivatives business?

Question_30:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_31:

    Good morning. Brian, just one question follow-up on the loan side. You talked about the demand and where you are seeing it but I'm just wondering in terms of like the no excuses growth mentality from a supply side, where are the lending officers now in terms of like using the excess capacity to continue to grow the balance sheet? Is there still room from the Bank of America supply side to extend that growth on top of what the economy and the market place is giving you broadly?

Question_32:

    Okay, got it. Paul, one quick follow-up on GWIM, can you just remind us how that business kind of marks itself in terms of asset level pricing versus the transactions? It seems like those kind of went different directions this quarter and the result was kind of flattish on a revenue perspective. So what do we need to think about in terms of where the markets have come and where we are looking ahead in terms of asset level versus transaction type revenue activity?

Question_33:

    Good morning, guys. Two questions. One, there is an issue out there I think supposed to happen in 2018 on credit quality. It is this current expected credit loss. Can you just tell us where the argument is about that right now and whether you have been able to do any preliminary work about how that would impact you?

Question_34:

    Okay. Secondly, another credit quality question. There was a lot of speculation before the quarter and I think this is probably based on the energy outlook that this would be the quote inflection point quarter and beginning to build reserves. But what you are saying and what J.P. Morgan said yesterday was that the credit quality outlook remains pretty stable. Can you just comment on this inflection point issue and when you think we will get there?

Question_35:

    So sometime in 2016 probably?

Question_36:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_37:

    Good morning, guys. It is actually Thomas LeTrent on behalf of Paul. Most have been asked and answered but one quick question on the servicing side. The servicing income has been coming down at a faster rate than the portfolio and I know you guys have sort of exited most of the sales on the portfolio side. So at what point can we sort of expect the fees to level off and is that just a function of the legacy stuff continuing to run off?

Question_38:

    And then also on slide 17 if I may on the 60 days delinquent, how much of that is the quarterly change, how much of that is from sales or is that mostly just runoff?

Question_39:

    Okay, that is all. Thank you.

Question_40:

    I had three small questions. First, you sold $3.6 billion of assets, mortgages and NPLs. What was the gain or sale on those sales? I'm sorry, the gain or loss?

Question_41:

    I am sorry, $400 million?

Question_42:

    That added a little bit. Can we assume that repeats or this is kind of a one-off?

Question_43:

    Okay, that is fine. Higher rates, you are more asset sensitive now I guess $4.5 billion to 100 basis points. You were $3.9 billion last quarter. Are you intentionally -- I mean how do you think about that, are you leaving money on the table by being so asset sensitive? Do you want to be this asset sensitive? Maybe give the answer in the context of the last jobs report which seems to imply rates will increase later than previously expected.

Question_44:

    And then lastly, Paul, you are new in the job as CFO. Actually Brian, this is the first call where we can ask the question, why did the old CFO leave? We have heard a lot of different reports so why did the last CFO leave?
And, Paul, as you are new in the job as CFO, what changes might you want to make? And Paul or Brian, if rates don't go up for a lot longer than you expected, what is your Plan B to deal with the tougher environment?

Question_45:

    And Paul's philosophy on being CFO, any changes with your predecessor?

Question_46:

    All right, thank you.

