
Good morning. Thanks to everyone on the phone, as well as the webcast, for joining us this morning for the first-quarter 2016 results. Hopefully everybody has had a chance to review the earnings release. The documents are available on our website.
Before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul, let me remind you we may make some forward-looking statements. For further information on those, please refer to either our earnings release docs or our website or the SEC filings.
Let me just remind you, please limit the number of questions so that we can get to everyone's -- so we can get through all the questions that everyone has. And with that I'm pleased to now turn it over to Brian Moynihan, our Chairman, CEO, for some opening comments before Paul Donofrio, our CFO, goes through the details. Brian?

Thank you, Lee, and good morning to everyone. We want to thank you for joining us to review our first-quarter results. Today we reported $2.7 billion in earnings this quarter, or $0.21 per diluted share.
As you can see in the results, two large items impacted this quarter's results. We recorded negative market-related NII adjustments for bond premium amortization. That adjustment alone cost us $0.07 per diluted share. And we also recorded a $0.05 per share diluted share cost of seasonal retirement eligible incentives.
When you think about revenue, net interest income, excluding that bond premium adjustment, was $10.6 billion this quarter. This is improvement linked quarter and year-over-year. Our loans are growing across the franchise and, compared to the prior year, are up 11% in our business segments.
In addition, deposit growth remains very strong. Our deposits were up $64 billion from last year or 6% to over $1.2 trillion. This growth reflects our progress to grow responsibly and deepen relationships with all of our core customers.
Moving to noninterest income, it declined year-over-year. Of note, the downdraft in that was driven by Capital Markets and related activities and, to a lesser degree, mortgage servicing and other fees as we continue to wind down our third-party servicing book. However, the other banking sources of noninterest income were relatively stable.
Switching to costs, we continue to drive costs down in this Company. Costs year-over-year in the first quarter were down 6%. FTEs were down 3%. That is $1 billion per quarter, $4 billion on an annualized basis. And if you focus just on the core costs excluding our LAS and litigation, those were down $600 million quarter -- from first quarter of last year or $2.4 billion annualized. We're going to keep driving those costs down as we continue to move forward through 2016.
Turning to slide 3 and looking at the business segment earnings, you can see the good year-over-year results because of the operating leverage in those businesses. The only exception is the results in Global Banking, which were negatively impacted by the increased [energy] reserves.
The combination of business segments outside the All Other group earned $4.5 billion in quarter one this year compared to $3.9 billion in quarter one of 2015. Offsetting those earnings were the $1.9 billion loss in All Other. That loss primarily reflects the two large adjustments I mentioned earlier and some legacy litigation costs.
You can also see the returns and efficiency ratios for each of our segments and note, with the exception of LAS, which came close to breaking even this quarter, they earned above their cost of capital.
Moving to slide 4, during the period of -- during the first quarter, there was a lot of talk with the market volatility, the Company buying surrounding the question about global growth and the forward-looking economic picture. However, we don't see any evidence of our customer base changing.
Spending by consumers remains strong and is up year-over-year over 4%. Loan demand remains solid throughout the franchise. And we continue to position our Company to face any potential economic outcome.
When you think about this, it's important to remember the work we've done over the past years to simplify and strengthen our foundation. We remain a different Company today than that which had entered the last downturn. We start with a clear strategy to serve the core financial needs of the customers.
We've gotten out of businesses, portfolios, products and client relationships that don't meet those strategic goals. We simplified the Company in every area. We cut the number of legal entities in half and we also reduced costs through programs like New BAC that produced [a loan] more than $8 billion in annual savings and our SIM program which continues to operate today.
At the same time we've continued to invest in the areas we can grow. $3 billion in technology-related growth initiatives, especially in areas of digital practice, whether it's in Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking, where we lead the industry with mobile and online platforms. We've also invested more in client facing teammates, funding that investment through elimination of bureaucracy and simplification and elimination of management jobs.
We believe that we have to continue to drive the productivity and will continue to do so in 2016. In the end, when you think about all this, it makes our Company more resolvable. As you all know, we received the latest input from our regulators on our resolution plans yesterday. Those plans were filed nine months ago and we've been busy at work since the day they were filed to continue to remedy the deficiencies and shortcomings stated in those plans and we will do so by the October submission date.
As you move to slide 5 you can also see the financial foundation that we've built in this Company. Liquidity and capital at record levels. Tangible book value per share, the marker of what we as shareholders own in our Company now stands at $16.17 and has improved over $5.00 a share over the last few years even as we've taken the hits that are now largely behind us.
Our funding structure continues to improve. Long-term debt has been cut dramatically; deposits have increased over 20% and most of that growth is coming through our Consumer Banking and Wealth Management segments. Our loan book is now well-balanced, half consumer, half commercial. And importantly, the consumer piece is much more secured lending than it was before the last crisis.
As we look in Global Markets, whether it's our Level 3 assets which are more risky, the total trading assets or VaR, they are all down significantly over the last few years. So as you can see we've simplified our Company and our operating structure.
As we look ahead to 2016, we remain focused on what we can control. We intend to keep driving the core customer activity you see on the loan and deposit and customer flow growth in each and every business, focusing intently on the Wealth Management and Global Markets businesses to take advantage as markets have stabilized.
We'll continue to drive on focusing on costs and drive those costs down and we'll continue to drive to deliver more capital to you as we did in the first quarter as investors. With that, let me hand it over to Paul.

Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. Starting on slide 6, we present a summary of the income statement returns for this quarter, highlighting comparisons to Q4 2015 as well as Q1 2015. Earnings this quarter were $2.7 billion or $0.21 per share.
These earnings include the negative impact of the FAS 91 market-related adjustment which reduced EPS by $0.07. They also include $850 million of FAS 123 retirement eligible incentive expense which reduced EPS by $0.05.
For comparative purposes, the aggregate impact of these two same items in Q1 2015 reduced EPS by $0.08. Revenue on an FTE basis was $19.7 billion this quarter. Adjusted for FAS 91, revenue was $20.9 billion, a decline of $700 million from Q1 2015 on a similarly adjusted basis.
This decline was driven by the reduction in sales and trading revenue and IB fees as well as mortgage banking income offset by improvement in adjusted NII. Expenses were $14.8 billion, approximately $1 billion or 6% lower than a year ago, driven by good discipline across the entire Company.
Before moving to the balance sheet I want to note an adjustment to the financial statements this quarter, reclassifying some operating leases. We moved $6 billion of leases to other assets and we made conforming reclassifications to prior periods to improve comparability.
This reclassification had no effect on net income. However, as a result of this reclassification, quarterly NII is lower by approximately $50 million, other income is higher by approximately $180 billion and depreciation expense is higher by about $130 million. While these changes are small and don't affect profits, I wanted to note them so that you can more easily adjust your models.
Turning to slide 7 and the balance sheet. Total assets increased $41 billion from Q4 driven by higher Global Markets repo activity as well as increased cash. Deposits rose $20 billion from Q4 while loans increased $4 billion. Driven by deposit inflows, liquidity rose to $525 billion.
Time to required funding, while down, remains strong at three years. And note that the first quarter included the $8.5 billion settlement payment to Bank of New York Mellon as trustee in the article 77 suit which was reserved for over four years ago. Tangible common equity of $167 billion improved $4.7 billion from Q4. On a per-share basis, tangible book value increased to $16.17, up 9% from Q1 2015.
Turning to regulatory metrics: as a reminder, we report regulatory capital under the advanced approaches. Our CET1 transition ratio under Basel III ended the quarter at 10.3% and really is only comparable to Q4 as prior periods were reported under the standardized approach prior to our exit from parallel run.
On a fully phased-in basis, CET1 capital improved $3.4 billion to $158 billion as improvements from earnings and OCI were partially offset by dividends and repurchases. Under the advanced approaches, compared to Q4 2015, the CET1 ratio increased 30 basis points to 10.1% and is now above our fully phased-in 2019 requirement. RWA decreased roughly $18 billion driven by reductions related to retail exposures as credit quality improved.
We also provide our capital metrics under the standardized approach. Here our CET1 ratio improved to 11% with the same capital improvement as advanced but less of an RWA improvement given standardized is less risk sensitive. Supplemental leverage ratios for both the Parent and the Bank continue to exceed US regulatory minimums that take effect in 2018.
Turning to slide 8, we had solid loan and deposit growth in the quarter. Reported loans of $901 billion on an end of period basis increased $4 billion from Q4 and are up $28 billion or 3% from Q1 2015. Loans in our primary lending segments were up $14 billion or 2% from Q4 which is 8% on an annualized basis.
We continued to see solid commercial loan growth in Global Banking. In Consumer Banking we continue to see strong growth in consumer real estate and vehicle lending. Lastly, in Wealth Management we also saw continued growth in consumer real estate.
Loans outside the primary lending segments in LAS and All Other were down $10 billion from Q4 driven by continued pay downs of first and second lien mortgages as well as loan sales. During the quarter, we sold FHA loans totaling $2.7 billion and NPLs and other delinquent loans of roughly $1 billion, recording a small gain on sales and other income.
Turning to deposits, on an ending basis they reached $1.2 trillion this quarter, growing $64 billion or 6% from Q1 2015. Growth was led by our consumer businesses. Consumer Banking grew $43 billion or 8% year-over-year. GWIM grew nearly $17 billion, a 7% pace, and Global Banking grew at a 3% pace.
Turning to asset quality on slide 9. Outside the energy sector, credit quality is strong. Total net charge-offs were $1.1 billion in Q1 and Q4. We had some immaterial movements this quarter from minor adjustments but overall very little change in consumer losses.
Commercial losses declined slightly from Q4 despite a slight increase in energy charge-offs. Provision of $1 billion in Q1 was up $187 million from Q4. While net charge-offs were flat, total reserve release declined as reserve releases in Consumer were mostly offset by reserve increases in commercial driven by energy exposures.
On slide 10, we provide credit quality data on our Consumer portfolio. Net charge-offs declined $41 million from Q4. Consumer real estate charge-offs benefited from continued portfolio improvement and fewer one-time items, primarily collateral valuation adjustments on consumer real estate. Adjusting for those items, consumer net charge-offs were relatively flat versus Q4. Delinquency levels and NPLs improved and reserve coverage remains strong.
Moving to commercial credit on slide 11, net charge-offs improved $35 million. A decline in non-energy net charge-offs from Q4 more than offset a modest increase in energy losses. Energy charge-offs increased $17 million from Q4 to roughly $100 million in the quarter.
Given that asset quality outside energy remains relatively stable, let's focus on energy. We continue to support our energy clients while managing lending limits and actively engaging with stressed borrowers. Our overall committed energy exposures declined slightly from Q4 while utilized exposures were up by $500 million.
As discussed last quarter, within energy, we believe two subsectors, refining and marketing, as well as vertically integrated, which by the way tend to be large market cap and/or sovereign supported. These two subsectors are less dependent on oil prices and therefore carry less risk than our exposures in E&P and oilfield services.
Looking at our $7.7 billion utilized exposure to the higher risk E&P and oilfield services clients, we saw a decline of $600 million from Q4 as payoffs and charge-offs more than offset draw downs.
In addition, this quarter we moved $1.6 billion of our energy exposure to reservable criticized, and we added $525 million to our energy reserves. We made these adjustments based upon another quarter of not only low oil prices but also volatile prices. This moves our energy reserve to just over $1 billion.
And while these reserves cover also energy portfolio, they would represent 13% of our $7.7 billion E&P and oilfield services exposures. We believe that percentage is probably more relevant as you compare exposures across the industry.
Turning to slide 12, net interest income on an FTE basis was $9.4 billion. Included in NII this quarter was a FAS 91 negative $1.2 billion market-related adjustment for bond premium amortization. This adjustment in Q1 2015 was a negative $500 million. And including TruPS-related charges, Q4 was also negative $500 million.
Adjusted NII of $10.6 billion improved approximately $500 million compared to Q1 2015, excluding FAS 91, and improved $100 million from Q4 after also excluding the TruPS charge.
Several factors contributed to the improvement from Q4. We had good commercial loan growth funded by deposits. We also had about $100 million in seasonal benefits in Q1. Offsetting these factors we had one last day of interest and lower dividends on our Federal Reserve stock as required to contribute to the Highway Trust Fund. Lower long-term rates also offset some of the benefits of the Fed rate hike in December pressuring NII.
Lower long-term rates was also the driver of increased asset sensitivity in the quarter. As of 3/31, and instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in rates is estimated to increase NII by approximately $6 billion over the subsequent year. About 40% of this estimated $6 billion increase comes from short end rate improvement and the rest is from long end rate improvement split equally between FAS 91 and reinvestment at higher rates.
Turning to slide 13, noninterest expense was $14.8 billion in the quarter. That is $1 billion or 6% lower than Q1 2015 driven by good expense discipline across the Company. Legacy asset costs excluding litigation -- excuse me, Legacy Assets Servicing costs excluding litigation were $729 million this quarter, declining $292 million from Q1 2015 and $64 million from Q4.
Litigation expense of $388 million was in line with Q1 2015 as we work to resolve remaining legacy issues. First-quarter expense also included FAS 123 annual retirement costs of $850 million, slightly below Q1 2015. First quarter of both years also included about $300 million of seasonally elevated payroll tax expense.
Adjusting for all these items, i.e. the litigation, LAS, FAS 123 and the elevated payroll tax, expenses were $12.5 billion. This decline of $600 million from Q1 2015 was driven by: lower revenue-related costs associated with sales and trading in investment banking, as well as revenue in our Wealth Management business; the roll off of advisory retention awards put in place after the combination with Merrill Lynch; and lastly, SIM initiatives that are improving productivity and helping us lower costs so that we can continue to invest in growth.
Our employee base is down 3% from Q1 2015 and increases in client facing professionals were more than offset by reductions in LAS and other operations staff.
Lastly, before leaving expense highlights I want to remind you that quarterly FDIC insurance expense is set to increase at the large banks until the deposit insurance fund reaches 1.35%. For us, this will increase expense by approximately $100 million pretax starting in Q3 2016.
Okay, turning to the business segments, starting with Consumer Banking on slide 14. Consumer earned $1.8 billion, 22% better than Q1 last year. These earnings reflect continued core customer growth coupled with strong expense management. Lower provision expense from continued improvement in asset quality also benefited the bottom line.
This work generated a strong 24% return on allocated capital. Note that allocated capital increased slightly for 2016 pursuant to our normal capital allocation reviews completed in Q1.
On slide 15 we focus on some important trends. First, in the upper left, we continue to lead the industry in a number of ways, as you can see from the stats. Revenue increased $242 million or 3% from Q1 2015 as NII growth more than offset lower noninterest income.
Net interest income benefited from higher client balances. Noninterest income was down due to lower mortgage banking income offset by increases in card income and service charges. We continue to see mortgage banking income come down given our strategy to book more of our originations on the balance sheet. Expenses declined 2% from Q1 2015.
On the bottom left, you can see the year-over-year decline in FTEs as Mobile Banking growth continues to help us optimize our delivery network. Note, while overall FTEs are down year-over-year, sales specialists are up almost [900] from Q1 2015.
Lastly, our deposit franchise continues to drive operating leverage. Our cost of deposits as a percent of average deposits continues to improve and now stands at 171 basis points which we believe is best-in-class in the industry.
Focusing on Mobile Banking users in the upper right for a minute, we added 910,000 net new mobile users this quarter. We now have nearly 20 million active users and deposit transactions from mobile devices now represents 16% of deposit transactions.
Interestingly, this quarter we added more net new users than any quarter in the last three years and we continue to add new features and capabilities, improving convenience and satisfaction.
One way we are promoting adoption is by deploying digital ambassadors in our financial centers. Digital ambassadors engage with customers who come to our branches to transact. They educate these customers on alternatives to branch banking which are not only more convenient for them but also less expensive for us. Digital sales, digital appointments, digital satisfaction all continue to achieve new highs.
Focusing on client balances, you can see Merrill Edge brokerage assets are up 7% from Q1 2015 on strong flows offset by lower valuations. Moving to the bottom right of the page, note that loans were up 8% in Q1 2015 on strong mortgage and auto growth.
Okay, moving to slide 16, this is a new page that presents some statistics around loan growth and the quality of originations in our Consumer segment. Starting with card we issued 1.2 million cards in the quarter, which is a bit lower than the past few quarters. Average balances were impacted by the sale of a $1.7 billion nonstrategic card portfolio late in Q4.
Adjusting for that divestiture, loans were up from Q4. Spending on credit card, adjusted for divestitures, was up 8% compared to Q1 2015.
As we've discussed many times and shown here, we are originating high FICO loans that have produced very low loss rates and strong risk-adjusted margins currently exceeding 9%. Moving to vehicle lending, one sees similar high-quality, low risk lending stats. Average book FICOs are around 780 and loss rates are low.
Also, the tenor of these loans is relatively conservative compared to the industry as nearly 90% of our loans are less than 73 months. Margins obviously aren't as high as credit card, but average balances are growing well across multiple channels within the business.
Our underwriting standards are producing similar results in consumer real estate lending which is presented on the bottom of the page. Net loss rates on first lien mortgages have been negligible. Remember, we began booking these loans in the Consumer segment in the first quarter of 2014 and the macro consumer environment has been healthy, particularly for high FICO borrowers.
Turning to slide 17, Global Wealth & Investment Management produced earnings of $740 million, up 13% from Q1 2015. Year every year revenue was down but expenses declined more, improving pretax margin to 26%. Overall, revenue declined 2% from Q1 2015 as strong NII growth was more than offset by lower market sensitive revenue.
Asset management revenue declined on lower market values. Transactional revenue was also down and continues to be impacted by the shifting of activity from brokerage to managed relationships as well as market uncertainty. NII benefited from solid deposit and loan growth.
Noninterest expense in the first quarter of 2016 benefited from the fully amortized advisory retention awards given at the time of the Merrill Lynch merger. We have not seen a noticeable attrition as a result of this. Lower revenue-related incentives also contributed to lower expense versus Q1 2015.
Moving to slide 18, despite lower market levels, we continued to see overall solid client engagement and we continue to invest in the business, growing client facing professionals year-over-year. Client balances are $2.5 trillion. Long-term AUM flows were down this quarter as a result of market volatility which impacted client behavior. Average deposits grew $9 billion from Q4 and average loans also grew this quarter concentrated in consumer real estate lending.
Turning to slide 19, Global Banking earned $1.1 billion, down from both comparative periods as energy reserves weighed on results. Despite this increased provision expense, Global Banking was able to deliver a 12% return on allocated capital. And note that we allocated $2 billion more in capital to Global Banking for 2016, pursuant to our annual evaluation of allocated capital.
Global Banking continues to drive solid loan growth within its risk and client frameworks and this drove a nice increase year-over-year in NII, mitigated to some degree by spread compression. That NII improvement, combined with revenue growth from credit cards and treasury fees, partially offset a decline in investment banking and other marks on loans and hedges. Noninterest expense, compared to Q1 2015, reflects a decline in revenue-related expense offset by the cost of adding sales professionals over the past 12 months.
Looking at trends on slide 20 and comparing to Q1 last year, it was obviously a tough quarter for the capital markets with spikes in volatility causing declines in client activity. However, clients still have financing needs and here is where the diversity and strength of our franchise allows us to continue to deliver for them even when capital markets are less attractive.
You can see that trend in our average loans and lease balances, which increased again this quarter and are up 14% year-over-year. Growth in loans was broad-based across C&I, CRE and leasing, although recently we have slow growth in CRE. Spread compression on average across all our customer sizes has moderated relative to a year ago.
Average deposits also increased from Q1 2015, up $11 billion or 4%. We remain focused on our deposit mix which is strong with only 3% classified as 100% runoff balances. On the other hand, total firm-wide IB fees of $1.2 billion were down 22% from Q1 2015 with declines broad-based across M&A, DCM and ECM.
Switching to Global Markets on slide 21 and comparing Q1 last year, again the challenging market condition caused revenue compared to Q1 2015 to be down. The quarter included a benefit from the resolution of a litigation matter and we also had lower revenue-related costs compared to Q1 2015.
All of this resulted in Global Markets reporting earnings just under $1 billion. Reported revenue was down year-over-year, but note that last year DVA negatively impacted revenue versus added to revenue this quarter. Total revenue, excluding DVA, while up from Q4, was down 17% from Q1 last year on lower sales and trading revenue as well as Global Markets share of lower IB fees.
Noninterest expense declined 23% from Q1 2015 driven by lower litigation. Adjusting for litigation, expenses were down 9% as a result of lower revenue-related expenses demonstrating a disciplined approach to compensation.
Moving to trends on the next slide and focusing on the components of our sales and trading performance, sales and trading revenue of $13.3 billion excluding net DVA is up 25% from Q4 with improvement in both FICC and equity, but down 16% from Q1 last year.
Versus Q1 2015, FICC sales and trading of $2.3 billion fell 17% reflecting a tough environment for credit-related products as well as a tough comparison to a strong Q1 2015 in currencies. Equity trading was $1 billion, declining 11% reflecting weaker trading performance in a challenging market environment. Average trading assets continued to trend down as did VaR which remains at historically low levels.
Turning to Legacy Assets & Servicing on slide 23. This segment lost $40 million this quarter. I'm not going to spend a lot of time here as trends are consistent with past quarters. Revenue was down a bit from lower servicing fees as the portfolio of service loans declines. Revenue was also impacted by lower net [hedge results].
As the portfolio shrinks, we continue to lower servicing costs particularly with respect to delinquent loans. The number of 60 plus day delinquent first mortgage loans serviced continue to decline and is now only 88,000 units. Excluding litigation expense this quarter was $729 million, dropping nearly $300 million from Q1 2015 and down $64 million from Q4.
On slide 24 we show All Other which reported a loss of $1.9 billion. Results were impacted by the $1.2 billion FAS 91 market-related adjustment, the FAS 123 seasonal retirement eligible incentive costs and litigation costs. The loss here is higher than Q1 2015 for a number of reasons.
First, the market-related adjustment is more negative this year than last. Second, we had higher gains on sales of loans in Q1 2015 than this period. Third, provision expense is higher as both periods had a benefit from provision but this quarter that benefit was smaller than Q1 2015. Lastly, litigation costs were higher this quarter versus Q1 2015 as we worked down legacy issues.
The effective tax rate for the quarter was about 28%, which is better than we expect for the full year absent any unusual items. One expected item that we want to bring to your attention is another UK tax rate reduction recently proposed in the Chancellor's budget. We expect this to be signed into law in Q3 and will result in a tax charge of about $350 million to reduce the carrying value of our UK DTA. The vast majority of this charge will not impact regulatory capital.
Okay, so let me offer a few takeaways as I finish. Given the market volatility, revenue growth was challenging this quarter. However, we compensated for this by managing expenses well. If one adjusts this period's reported results for the noncash FAS 91 market-related NII amount and the FAS 123 costs, earnings are largely in line with recent quarters. You can see progress most clearly in our business segments which don't include these adjustments.
Taken as a whole, the segments, not including All Other, improved earnings by 16% versus Q1 2015. The drivers of this improvement were solid loan and deposit growth across our customer groups. Net charge-offs were largely unchanged as modest increases in energy were mitigated by other improvements. We strengthened our capital liquidity and we returned $1.5 billion in common dividends repurchased to shareholders.
To Brian's earlier point, we have done years of work to simplify the Company and reduce risk. With $167 billion in tangible common equity, $12 billion in credit reserves and twice the amount of liquidity of a few years ago, we believe we are well prepared to help customers and clients in good and bad times and we are focused on growing earnings in many different economic scenarios. With that let's open it up to Q&A.