Question_1:

    Great, thanks for the question. So the first quarter GAAP operating income guide essentially implies negative incremental margins at the low, mid and high end of guidance. So just wondering if you can frame in order of possible the investment areas that are driving the negative incremental margins, and then just generally how should we think about the margin profile in 2017? Thank you.

Question_2:

    Hello, thank you. The question is on video. I was wondering if you could just give any quantification in terms of the magnitude of video spend in 2017, as well as the lumpiness from an expensing standpoint quarterly?
And then separately as it relates to just the video service. From a positioning standpoint in the market, how do you think about the unique aspects of the product that Amazon has relative to others in the market in terms of is the aggregation tools that are being provided now where some of the value is being perceived longer term?
Is it the uniqueness of the content or is it other things? If you could provide a little bit of color on that, that would be helpful. Thank you.

Question_3:

    Can you discuss what you're doing to help merchants in China sell and ship directly to consumers in the US and other developed economies, and how the business has been evolving over time? Thanks.

Question_4:

    Thank you. A follow up on India and China. I know you are investing a lot, I'd love to hear how much but you probably won't tell us.
But can you tell us why you think the market is worth investment, and what really attracts you to the market as you think out longer term? And then China, can you give us any updates there on how financial performance is doing, and if you have changed your strategy and if anything has gotten better there this year? Thank you

Question_5:

    Great. Two primary questions. Can you give us a sense of what the best way to think about the impact that the shift to third-party? And within that the growth in FBA is having on these sequential growth rates?
To the extent that there is 150 basis point impact from Leap Year on a year-over-year basis, is there a way to quantify the impact that that shift to third party is having on the growth rate for the first quarter or for what you have reported in the fourth? And then on the AWS side of the business, with the price cut in November can you give us some sense of what impact the price cut had on the deceleration in growth compared to the impact that presumably it had in driving incremental volume to the platform?

Question_6:

    Thanks very much. Maybe as a quick follow up on the quarter, we have heard from other e-commerce companies and retailers about a higher degree of promotional activity during Q4. So I wonder if there was any conscious decision on your part to pull back from some of the more aggressive discounting?
And then my other question is whether you can shed any more light on the motivation to build out the air cargo hub in Cincinnati, understanding the need to support the growth of the core retail business? But also if this gives you more of an opportunity to build out direct connections to suppliers, for example, or longer-term offer excess capacity or logistics as a service? Thank you very much.

Question_7:

    Thank you. Just a question on paid unit growth. For the last several quarters here it's been accelerating on a year-on-year basis, and I think this quarter 24% was below the 26% that you reported in Q4 of 2015. Just curious what had been driving the acceleration over the past few quarters, and what may be changed this quarter?
And then in terms of the Q1 revenue guidance, wondering if you could provide a little bit of color in terms of the impact that maybe the recent AWS price adjustments are having on your Q1 guidance? Thanks.

Question_8:

    Thanks for taking the question. A lot of talk obviously about border tax. I was hoping that you could give us some of your initial thoughts there and how you might think about some of the key considerations around a potential border tax.
And then secondly, can you talk a little bit about fulfillment centers? You mentioned the 26 fulfillment center build out in 2016. Any color that you can give us in terms of how you're thinking about that for 2017? Thanks.

Question_9:

    Thanks, two questions please. First, any comment on customer growth qualitatively how that trended throughout the year, accelerated, consistent, decelerated? And then would you be willing to give any commentary on the engagement impact you're seeing from all of these Echo devices that are getting into households?
Are you seeing people shop more? Are they engaging more with other parts of Amazon? Just any impact on what people with these Echo devices do that's different than Amazon customers that don't have them? Thank you.

Question_10:

    Thanks for taking my questions, I have two. The first one is on the last mile on the Logistics build. Can you help us at all on what you are seeing in some of these markets, like the UK where you have more of the last mile build out done on your own? Is there anything you're seeing about Prime behavior?
What are the advantages and even the challenges you are facing as you're building out a last mile? And secondly, on the brick-and-mortar stores, any learnings and strategically just talk to the strategic advantage of having a bigger Amazon storefront? Thanks.

Question_11:

    Thanks, two questions. As we think about investment in the first quarter in 2017, any color how to think about domestic versus international? You did give some comments about India, but any other color or how to think about it.
And then on AWS, you announced both new products at re:Invent at the low end and at the high end. Any commentary on if that impacted the types of customers who you have been adding on AWS with those new products? Thank you.

Question_12:

    Thanks for taking the question, maybe two if I can ask. One, the other North America revenue line in our view has a lot of advertising revenue in it, and that line continues to show a lot of momentum, come in better than expected. Can you talk holistically short, medium, long term about how you think you are approaching an advertising business across your broad properties?
What that might become longer term, and how that might impact the P&L? And then one housekeeping item, anything to call out as an impact from demonetization efforts India in either Q4 or Q1? Thanks so much.

Question_13:

    Thanks for taking my questions. It's about Prime Video, you said you were pleased with the hours of engagement. My question is do you think that the hours of video stream need to accelerate from here to get to an adequate return on the invested capital in video, or are you happy with those returns with the current levels of engagement?
And then relatedly on Prime Video, could you just talk about your ambitions to potentially extend the video offering beyond on demand and into possibly a virtual cable bundle? And then finally, just a question of do you need to aggressively partner with distributors, whether they be cable distributors or hardware device companies, in order to get better distribution of the Amazon Prime Instant Video app and content to your customers? Thanks.

