Answer_1:

    We don't break out by segment. But all four segments are growing and we are pleased with the growth there. I'm glad you asked about SMBs because it's a particular focus for us, and some where I'm really proud of our performance, our teams led by Dan Levy and others have just done a great job. 
There are 25 million SMBs that have pages on Facebook and that's a really good first step, because it's just historically very hard to get small businesses online. What we've done over the last year is we've really worked at simplifying our ad product, and that's working because the way to convert our SMBs who are using our free product into being advertisers are with these really simple ad products. So rather than go to them and say do you want to become an advertiser, you say do you want to promote a post? And that's what's working and we are able to convert them to advertising, and then upsell them from there in large numbers and we are excited about it.

Answer_2:

    Yes. And in terms of the focus on building new and separate experiences, our theory is that there are all these different ways that people want to share and communicate. Almost any kind of content that you can imagine sharing, text, photos, videos, links, locations, events, games, anytime, a type of content with any type of audience, whether privately on a one-on-one situation or small groups, or with all of your friends or a larger community or publicly, there's an interesting intersection between most of these things. 
And one of the things that we want to try to do over the next few years is build a handful of great new experiences that are separate from what you think of as Facebook today, that are just kind of helping to explore that place and give people new ways to share. And I you can see that that's something that people want from some of the mobile apps that exist out there today. 
You can see it from our own offering with, not just Facebook, but also Instagram and Messenger already today. And were probably -- we're going to keep working on this over the next few years.

Answer_3:

    So I can talk to Messenger, a bit. If you think about the overall space of sharing and communication, there's not just one thing that people are doing. People want to share, want to have the ability to share any kind of content with any audience. There are going to be a lot of different apps that exist, and Facebook has always had the mission of helping people share any kind of content with any audience, but historically we've done that through a single app. 
And one of the stats that I shared today is that we now have more than 0.5 billion people using groups every month, and I think that's not something that I think a lot of people are paying attention to, because it was sort of seen as a feature of the Facebook app rather than its own product. So what we're doing with Messenger now, similarly a lot of people are using Messenger every day, but it's a feature of Facebook rather than its own network or standalone thing, and we are making it more of a standalone app. 
We've actually, in the last quarter we've taken it out of the main app, so that way it gets room to breathe and blossom as its own great experience, and we're going to focus on making that really good and adding to it and adding a lot of new things, and some of the stats that I shared are incredibly promising. In the last few months, 70% more people are using it and a lot of message volume growth, so we are still focused on kind of general growth for Messenger rather than going country-specific at this point in its evolution.

Answer_4:

    And Heather, this is David. Thanks for your question on seasonality. Of course seasonality is an important factor in an advertising business, and affects Q4 and makes it a typically strong quarter. At this point, given how new we are with the mobile business, I think it's really difficult for us to quantify the impact of seasonality effects. I think I will take some more time before we can understand it better than we do.

Answer_5:

    I'll start here on the public content piece and then I think Sheryl will get into some of the specifics, but I just want to put this into the context of the overall strategy here. We were just talking about some of the standalone experiences and Messenger, and public content is part of this overall spectrum of content that people want to share and consume as well. In some ways it's on the opposite -- the complete opposite side of the spectrum from one-on-one messaging, but it's also an area where I think the medium of newsfeed and Facebook works really well. 
So we've been focused on improving the tools for public discussion, and folks to be able to share public content, including premium content from videos and making it so they can autoplay in feed. And this is an area where just like messaging and some of the other things that we've talked about, and you should expect us to keep focusing on a lot, it's part of the overall space of sharing that we think is quite valuable. I think Sheryl is going to get into some specifics.

Answer_6:

    Yes. I can start with video, and then go over to the overall brand question you started with. We have a video ads product, it works very well, it's part of what's driving our growth. 
We also have recently started testing an auto play video ad test, it's a very small test. But overall, we are seeing what Mark has talked about, which is that marketers and users are using video more as they have the technology to do so, and we expect that to continue to grow. 
In our overall brand effort we're making really good and steady progress as we are with all of our market segments. All of the AdAge Global 100 advertised with us over the past year, and the real key there is proving measurement to our clients. Our team led by Carolyn Iverson, and her people all around the world, really have to go client by client and show them that we can not just increase people's happiness or brand affiliation, but ring the cash register at the end of the door. 
I think this is part of the big story for us in 2013, which is if you look back a year, we did not have that ability to look at the AB testers who saw our ads, and what the difference in sales is, and now we have that. And we still have a lot of hard work to do client by client ahead of us, but being able to prove that we have really strong ROI, and I think increasingly efficient ROI compared to the other marketing opportunities they have, is what is going to move the brand marketers to Facebook and to mobile.

Answer_7:

    Mark, yes, your second question about mobile and desktop impressions. As you know, per user, or per unit of time on the desktop, we show a higher number of ads because there's the right-hand column as in addition to newsfeed. But we are extremely pleased with how well the newsfeed ads continue to perform, and that's really what's driving up the average price per ad as I described. So these ads perform well from [others], are still continuing to contribute to the positive user experience that Mark described earlier.

Answer_8:

    I just want to start off here, and then David can get into some of the details on the number of ads and all that. But the strategy has been for the last period, and will continue to be, to primarily focus on increasing the quality of the ads and the experience. And I really think that -- it's easy to look at the model and say okay, well if we ran more ads then the business would grow faster in the short term. 
But investing in quality is really actually the most important thing because it's what improves the experience for the people who use the products. It drives greater returns for advertisers, and over time it increases the potential size of our business. I think you could say that's a harder path for us to take, but I actually think that the results over the last couple of quarters have really shown that by focusing on improving quality instead of just increasing quantity, we can actually drive pretty incredible business results. So we think that there is more to do here, and that is what we are going to keep on doing.

Answer_9:

    And I think I can take most of the rest of this. So in terms of ad load, the one piece of context maybe to start with is that the variable we are really focused on optimizing is not ad load per se but it's the user experience, as you can measure that based on engagement or user feedback, et cetera. And ad load is one of the variables that impacts that, but there is relevant variables as well, such as the positioning of the ads, the size of the ads, and of course, critically, the quality of the ads, so ad load only gives a part of the picture. And we are really one or two years into this and we're still learning how to provide the best experience. 
I think one of the most important pieces of positive news from 2013 was as we ramped up newsfeed ads, they performed as well as they did delivering great value for marketers, having a very minimal effect on the user experience, and enabling Facebook to deliver the kind of results that we reported today. So going forward we'll continue to tweak what we do in terms of trying to find the right balance and optimize the performance of the ads for marketers and for users, but generally, as Mark said, the most important place for us to invest is going to be in improving the quality and relevance of the ads. 
You asked about Instagram and pricing, so let me just cover those quickly. Instagram, I would just say we're just really early with Instagram, so it's too early to talk about where we are going to be going. We're still trying to learn what the right way to approach that product is, and we're going to move slowly, because we think that's the right thing to do for Instagram. 
In terms of pricing, it was our expectation that if ads in newsfeed worked well, that they would deliver more value for marketers, be more engaging, and that they would contribute to the average price per ad on Facebook going up. And we also believe looking forward, if we continue to improve the quality and relevance of the ads we show, that that's a critical way that we can drive pricing up in the future.

Answer_10:

    Sure. So to start with the public content, the change that we made is basically -- a lot of what our algorithm looks at is straight engagement, so the amount of content that people click, like, comment, and share, in feed. But what we found were that when we asked people qualitatively what they preferred getting, it did not often match up, because a lot of things like memes scored very high in terms of getting a lot of people to like them, but were not necessarily when you asked people what they wanted to see in feed or what they were happy seeing, didn't score that way. 
So we ended up doing an adjustment to the algorithm which made it so that qualitatively things, and especially public content and news that people rated as higher quality, qualitatively scored more, and that was basically the adjustment to the algorithm. It had really no impact on ads, it was an organic content adjustment that we made to improve the quality of the experience. So I think David can talk about teens.

Answer_11:

    Sure Doug. In terms of teens, don't have any new data to report today. As you know we take engagement very seriously, and we are focused on building great products that all our users, including teens, will find useful and engaging, and that's the most important thing for us to stay focused on.

Answer_12:

    Graph Search. Starting with Graph Search, we are really early in the game on this. And I think you can see that, because we haven't even really rolled out our mobile version of Graph Search yet and we are a mobile company. We started on desktop, and the way that we are thinking about this is, there is just so much content that people have shared on Facebook that simply building the infrastructure to index all of it and start ranking it is a multi-year effort, which we are making our way through. 
So the first release indexed more than 1 trillion connections between all the people and interests, and events and groups and things that everyone was connected to. The second release that we did recently was around all the updates. There are more than 1 trillion status updates and unstructured text posts and photos and pieces of content that people have shared over the past 10 years, and indexing that was a really big deal, because as the number of people on the team who have worked on web search engines in the past have told me, 1 trillion pieces of content is more than the index in any web search engine. 
So we're kind of making our way through this. Pretty soon I think you should expect us to roll out the mobile version of this. I think that's going to be an important step because most of the usage and of Facebook overall is on mobile, so we expect that's where engagement will really start to come from on Graph Search over time. 
But it's also only in English so far and we have to internationalize it, and there's a long road map of things that we need to do that I think is pretty clear, but it's just going to be incredibly useful when it's ready. So we look at this as an investment over a three to five-year period rather than a one to two or shorter kind of period. So that's how I think about that. 
The other question was about trending topics, and that really ties into the public content push that we have, and we talked a bit about this before. But in terms of -- we're trying to build great experiences for all types of content that people want to share and consume with all audiences. 
We think public content is great. Folks who are making news or making -- premium content on TV or movies or celebrities and different types of folks are extremely interesting, and produce great content. We want to be a great place for people to share the content, or for people to be able to learn about it and consume it, so trending topics is one step in what you will see is a pretty long road map of things that we're going to do to make Facebook great for public content.

Answer_13:

    On retargeting, retargeting has been proven really valuable across all platforms. We've allowed it through FBX, and increasingly we are allowing it through our own products as well as part of our custom audiences suite of offerings. We are offering website custom audiences and mobile app custom audiences and allow -- and these all allow marketers to target ads in privacy safe ways that improve the relevance and improve results. I think when people think about targeting, what they are really thinking about is relevance, and taking the data and using it in a privacy-safe way to increase the relevance of ads to users, and that's something we're working on.

Answer_14:

    Yes, for payments -- I actually -- we don't think about our business so much as an advertising or a payments business, as much as a way for people to reach -- we build this network, and we help businesses reach people with relevant messages. And payments historically has been a great way for game developers, especially on desktop to -- an efficient way for us to monetize that business because instead of charging them up front for most of the ads, we can charge them only when their business grows because someone is paying for something. On mobile I think the natural evolution of this is for that to move towards app install ads, where we are not running the payment system on mobile, the operating systems are integrated with that. 
But because a lot of the goods that people are buying in games are no marginal cost, a developer's economic incentive is to advertise to the point where, or to get more people to come into their flow to the point where -- for as many people as they can get to the buy the goods. So even though a game developer might be paying 30% to the operating system maker for payment, we're finding that people also really want to buy a lot of app install ads, and that has grown incredibly quickly and is one of the best parts of the ad work that we did over the last year.

Answer_15:

    Sure. Before I get into some of the newer types of things, which we've actually touched on most of them already on the call, I also want to take a moment just to emphasize that we are going to start building new experiences, but they're going to start small compared to where the core of Facebook is, right? So most of the results that we are going to see in terms of increasing engagement and sharing in our business are going to come from that core Facebook experience, because mathematically it's just so much bigger than everything else that is out there that the numbers -- these have to be multi-year investments to add up to that. 
You can look at, for example, comScore puts out these numbers every month or so that reference the amount of time that people spend in different mobile apps, and Facebook I think is almost 10 times bigger, 5 to 10 times bigger than the next app that is out there. So it's going to take a while for any of these things to turn into huge things, but that's -- so some of the things that we are thinking about are all of the different kinds of ways that people might want to share different kinds of content with different audiences. 
So I mean I talked about groups earlier on the call, that's something that 0.5 billion people are using, it's currently a feature within the Facebook app. Giving experiences like that room to breathe and really develop to be their own brand I think is a huge and valuable thing. It's not necessarily the next thing that we're going to go do, but it's kind of an example of the type of audience and type of content that people might want to share. 
Examples of things that we have done are Messenger, is a really big focus for us and we are focusing on that as a standalone experience. Instagram is a different kind of community than Facebook. We just launched Instagram Direct within Instagram, which is one-on-one or small group photo and video sharing, and you can kind of view that as the kind of experience that we're going to be rolling out, but there's a lot of space here for a lot of different kinds of things. 
And what I think you should take away from this is that while the core business growth is going to come from the main app that exists, just because the numbers are so much bigger than everything else today that's just going to be where most of the momentum comes from, you should also expect us to start building a few of these other things that we'll focus on over a long period of time and hopefully build into meaningful things like Messenger and Instagram are today.

Answer_16:

    On the Facebook ads in third-party mobile apps, it's a small test we just started that aims to show Facebook ads off of Facebook for mobile apps, so we don't have results yet. We are very excited about the mobile apps space in general. If you look at our mobile app installation ad, we've really done a great job working with developers to help users discover and download their apps. 
,And the product we rolled out last quarter, which is the engagement ads, then help developers get people engaged or reengaged in their apps. And so it's a small, important and growing space and we feel really good about the progress we've made with those ads on Facebook. When you look at off Facebook, really early test.

Answer_17:

    This is David, in terms of desktop, I'd say the two trends that really benefited desktop in the fourth quarter were similar to what we described earlier. One was just the holiday strength that we saw the business, and the second was the strong performance of newsfeed ads, which we show on both mobile and desktop, so that worked well for us in the fourth quarter. Just recognizing still that the user numbers on desktop continue to sort of decline modestly overall, and that's obviously an important headwind for the revenue from that part of the business.

Answer_18:

    I can take this. Obviously the mobile app world is a new world and not just the functionality in ads are still developing, but the functionality of what then people can do. You can do a lot more on the desktop in many ways than you can on mobile. 
I think the best role we play is to help connect consumers with marketers, and with companies and services, and I think reducing the friction there is really important. We don't have any plans to go into the direct e-commerce market, because the advertising products we provide I think are the best thing we can provide to help grow this market.

Answer_19:

    As I said and I've talked about each quarter targeting is a huge issue for us, and a huge opportunity and challenge. Our goal is in a privacy-safe way to get information we can about what consumers want and then help connect marketers, so that the ad experience is great for users, we're serving relevant ads. Whether that information comes from the kind of things people like on Facebook or other websites they visit, or contextual statements they might make in their status updates, our goal is to use that information in a privacy-safe way to improve the targeting of the ads on Facebook. 
To take one example, if you look at what's happening with our direct response business, which has been a very strong segment for us, if you look at people trying to find consumers, we offer the opportunity to get people before they search. We can judge interest based on other things, other things they are interested in, and give people the opportunity to find consumers before they search, so that they can then move them all the way down the funnel into purchase.

Answer_20:

    The build out globally is going well. We've always been pretty conservative. We wait until we have a very strong user base in other countries, and we wait until there's a developed ad market, but we're growing. We have a PMD ecosystem which now covers 45 countries. 
I was actually in Turkey at the beginning of last week, and had a chance to meet with our advertising partners there, and they are increasingly using our platform to reach consumers. We are growing our offices, we are growing our offices in Asia particularly this year, and we've rolled out offices across Europe as well. In terms of rolling out products, we tend to roll out products in our most developed markets first, and as we extend those products, we then extend them to the rest of the world.

Answer_21:

    On the first, we are excited about our mobile app install ads and our mobile app engagement ads. It's a small but growing category. We don't split out by segment. 
But one thing that's really important to note is that our mobile ad strength is very broad-based. Our mobile ads are not just bought by people who are looking to drive engagement or usage of mobile apps, but is very broad-based. We're being used by SMBs, brand advertisers, and direct response advertisers as well.

Answer_22:

    Yes, and I can speak to some of the deep learning work. In the last quarter, Yann LeCun, one of the, really, the earliest folks, and one of the founders of deep learning and a professor at NYU, joined us to lead our AI Group. And this is a long-term research group that we have that -- it's going to fit into our strategy over a longer -- maybe a 5 or 10-year period. 
And their goal is really just to try to understand how everything on Facebook is connected, right, by understanding what the posts that people write mean, and the content that is in the photos and videos that people are sharing, and help people with tasks. Like if you're sharing a voice clip in Messenger, being able to transcribe that for people so that they can receive it more easily. 
So these are some pretty big tasks in AI that are things that we have teams that are working on that will need to be researched over time and will have obvious implications for the products that we do. But over time the real value will be if we can understand the meaning of all of the content that people are sharing; then we can just provide much more relevant experiences for people across everything that we do. 
So I think you can kind of think about this, internally we talk about our strategy and if there's a 3-year strategy, a 5-year strategy, and a 10-year strategy, and the 3-year plan is really all about building new kinds of expenses for sharing like so many of the questions on this call have been about. The 5-year approach is really mostly about helping people use their network to answer interesting questions or solve problems that they have. And that's where all the Graph Search work, and the open graph work, and some of the early parts of the AI work that we're doing you're going to start to see over that period of time. 
And then over a 10-year period I think you'll really start to see a lot of the impact of some of the Internet.org work that we're doing where, hopefully, we'll see some impact a lot sooner than that as well. But over a 10-year period, if we can get a lot more of the world on the internet, that's going to really mean a quite different world in terms of what folks in a lot of developing countries have access to, in terms of some of the things I've said in my opening remarks around basic financial services, and people can get credit to start businesses and buy homes, really life changing stuff, or get access to health information, or education materials, which I think are just a really big deal. And over the long-term we've always wanted to help out with that, and I think that's where we are going to go on that.

Answer_23:

    Operator, we have time for one last call -- one last question.

Answer_24:

    So Mark, I'll start with the question on gross margins. I think in Q4, as you know, gross margins tend to be seasonally strong because revenue goes up in the fourth quarter, and the costs associated with operating our infrastructure don't go up accordingly with the seasonal strength in advertising revenue. So directionally, I think it's important to note we really had a great year in 2013 in terms of the efficiency investments that we made, but going forward, this is a compute-heavy service that we provide. It requires a lot of data centers and servers and infrastructure, we're going to continue to invest in those things, and we do expect to increase our infrastructure costs over time while trying to do that as efficiently as possible.

Answer_25:

    And in terms of quality, I just think that there is a lot of room to grow here. I said in my opening remarks that we have this long-term goal of making the advertising quality or content as good, and as relevant and timely, as the content that your friends are sharing with you. And at first blush, I think that seems kind of crazy, and that your friends' stuff will obviously always have the advantage of being immediately socially relevant to you, but at the same time, a lot of the folks who are advertising really invest in the quality of the content that they're producing and putting into their ads, and improving the targeting of their ads to deliver the right messages to the right people. And I don't think that there's a single step function that we're going to see here, although there are things like the video formats that really enable new kinds of rich experiences that folks who invest in building those can really benefit from. 
But at the same time, I think a lot of this is going to be incremental. So as we make improvements, more advertisers come into the system, and as more advertisers come into the system, we have more options of relevant content to show to people, and that improves the quality as well. So this is just going to be something that we are going to focus on for a while, and there's a long way to go before we get to the quality level that we want, but I think over a multi-year period we can get there or at least very close.

Answer_26:

    And it's a nice way to end the call because one of the really big opportunities we have is to make these ads at scale more personal. So just as we can have social context obviously from the user content, we put social context into ads. So we can take these ads that marketers can deliver at scale, improve the targeting, and give them social context, which will help drive the kind of opportunities Mark is talking about to make the ads as relevant as the user content.

Answer_27:

    Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.

