Answer_1:

    I think, Betsy, in the broadest context we continue to work expenses. If we talk to all of you about each quarter, 18 straight quarter reduction in core operating expenses outside litigation, 15 straight quarters of 3,000 people or more reduction each quarter. So we just continue to apply technology to continue to over the long term reduce expenses.
So the goal we have in SIM is to keep the expenses flat as revenue increases. And if the world economic situation changes different what people are expecting we'd have to look at it differently. But as you can see this quarter that will result in a constant downward pressure given where we are in the economy.

Answer_2:

    No, clearly what the case is significant is this, Betsy. We looked at and as we do every quarter look at the rep and warrant provision and you're right it was a net benefit of $200 million this quarter.
I think the important thing I think more than the $200 million is if you look back on our slide 20 in the earnings materials the effect of the decision led to two things that do reduce tail risk on a go-forward basis. The first is you can see the number of new claims that came in was just over $200 million which is a dramatic improvement from what we've seen historically. And second as a result of the time barring of certain claims that the outstanding claims that we have, and keep in mind these outstanding claims are based on original UPB, came down fairly significantly to just below $19 billion.
So while it was nice to have the modest benefit that we did in the quarter I think importantly on a go-forward basis it does reduce the tail risk that's out there. We saw some of the benefits from that in the activity levels this quarter.

Answer_3:

    There's no question, Betsy, as we look at and I'll just remind people that we were at $3.9 billion for a 100 basis point move. If you look at that roughly 60% of it is on the short end now. 40% of it is on the long end, and there's no question that we would expect to drop a significant portion of that to the bottom line if and when we see that 100 basis point move.

Answer_4:

    Yes, Betsy, really to your last question we've been investing in headcount to open up a customer facing capacity. So I'd rather give you some of the statistics earlier, so we're comfortable from a technology spend rate, from an investment and client facing capacity, marketing and everything we're at a good run rate. So there'd be downward pressure as headcount continues to come down through the application of technology across the platform with customers internally.
So we're comfortable that we can continue to drive it. And make no bones about it this is what we work on every day and we're reluctant to put out a dollar target because frankly that tells the team we've made a goal and stop as opposed to just get better at it every day. So we are constantly working to improve the dynamics of revenue versus expense in this Company.

Answer_5:

    Thanks for the question. It's a good question. I think if you look at we typically have a little bit of seasonal pressure in the second quarter on NII so as we sit here today based on the curve we would expect to see the core net interest income which obviously excludes FAS 91 move up from Q2 to Q3 and we'd expect further growth from Q3 to Q4.

Answer_6:

    It's just based on the realization of what the existing curve is which quite frankly we don't look at and our models don't show Fed funds going up until January 2016. So there's not a lot of great benefit in that at all.

Answer_7:

    I have two comments. I think the first is that when we talked about the discretionary balances coming down that's basically the whole loan portfolio as well as certain pieces of the home equity portfolio. So we referenced that those came down about $15 billion quarter over quarter, half due to sales and half to paydowns.
We probably have one more quarter where you'll see some of the conversion of those loans to securities. But if you actually look at the amount of securities from a balanced perspective they went up a little bit Q1 to Q2 based on the conversion of those loans to securities. And as we continue to see the deposit footprint grow we will continue to invest and we're obviously mindful of the balance between increasing net interest income like I spoke about as well as being sensitive to OCI risk.

Answer_8:

    As we look and snap forward there are a lot of things that influence that number. One is obviously the ability and how much we've put the increase in deposits to work through growing loans and clearly we've seen during the second quarter we saw that loan growth move up which is obviously a good thing which lessens some of that sensitivity.
And as we look at the amount and what we're doing from an investment portfolio there's less to do during the second half of the year. So all in all as we look at those different factors it's why we're comfortable saying that we'd expect the core to increase both Q2 to Q3 as well as from Q3 to Q4.

Answer_9:

    I think I can say that we can't say too much about regulatory matters. I think given the updated disclosure we've given you can assume that we're getting closer to having that resolved. You never know until you're ultimately done but we feel very comfortable with the guidance of 9.3% factoring in the adjustments based on where we were at the end of the second quarter and we'll look to get that wrapped up sooner than later.

Answer_10:

    Sure. As I mentioned roughly 40% of it's long end which is $1.5 billion of the amount and roughly half of that is FAS 91 and half of it is non-FAS 91 related.

Answer_11:

    Well I mean ultimately over time if you get to the 100 basis point number you have that, I think your point is that if they move 25 basis points is it 25% or is it more than 25%? And I think the thing that you have to keep in mind and we've talked about it a lot with what we would expect from a deposit repricing perspective that clearly you'd expect the first 25 to 50 basis points move up that we would not have to do much from a deposit perspective. So net-net on a relative basis that should be a positive as you look at the numbers.

Answer_12:

    No, it's in other income and it's reflected in the All Other segment.

Answer_13:

    I would say that generally that the hedge results on the MSR were fairly decent in the quarter and then like we've said there just wasn't much litigation during the quarter as well. So all of those things led to the results being where they are. But you're right we've typically had 100 to 200 of rep and warranty provision and we had 200 benefits, so you get a sense of the magnitude of the swing on a comparable period basis.

Answer_14:

    I think this quarter I think you're seeing a continuation of what we've been talking about and I want to be careful that I think we need to exclude DOJ both on the top as you did in your $929 million number as well as in the reserve release. So if you back out what we had for DOJ the reserve release was about 150, the charge-offs of $929 million were down roughly $75 million.
And while this can bounce around a little bit I think what you're likely to see over the next couple of quarters is probably a convergence where the charge-offs and the provision number become more closely aligned. And I would just say that particularly on the consumer side we continue to like what we see on credit and on the commercial side you can see that charge-offs are virtually nil within the large corporate space and there's nothing that we see out there that's going to change that materially.

Answer_15:

    As it relates to that I want to think, John, that it will be in the $100 million type area as it relates to both charge-off and reserve release and then by the time we get to the fourth quarter it should virtually go away. It can bounce around a little bit but it should largely be gone by the end of the third quarter.

Answer_16:

    But it pares off John so the way you subtract this quarter continue. So it's a number it's offset by a previously established reserve.

Answer_17:

    Yes, it's interesting, if you look year over year and you adjust for FAS 91 which shows up in the NII when you're looking back at the table that the yields were almost identical from the second quarter of 2014 to the second quarter of 2015 once you make that 91 adjustment.

Answer_18:

    Sure. I think when you look at commercial loan spreads there are two things that those numbers reflect. I think the first thing which just from a macro perspective that has been a little bit of compression although we're seeing it slow as it relates to just the competitive landscape and where loans are getting done.
As it relates to your question about the new loans, the responsible growth, if you looked at in particularly in the areas that picked up during the second quarter that on our risk rating scale they would translate to credits that tend to be in the strong BBB or a single 8 area so that they are largely investment-grade type credits where we're extending it and if you look at average spreads in that area they tend to be in the LIBOR plus 150 type area on average which is a little bit lower than the average across the commercial platform. But as you can see the credit is clearly at the upper end.

Answer_19:

    So Glenn it's probably say if you think about it we're not on credit structure we held our discipline, on price there's been pressure but then you have to look at that on a whole relationship basis with the other fees and revenues you get from cash management and stuff. And we try to have a client focused discipline to do it. But your observation is right, there is a little pressure on those spreads due to that.

Answer_20:

    In the sales context there is there are incentives for production but it has to be done the right way with the right customers in the right structure so it is not -- it doesn't drive their behavior. It's different than let's say the Wealth Management business in terms of the balance between incentives.
But yes they are paid to open, the mortgage loan officers are paid to produce mortgages and to open up checking accounts and other things. But it's really, it's actually deploying the people and building the capacity to sell, that's where we are reducing the need for services through all the automation that's going on and shifting that group of people.
So that it is really just having more of them than think of it as incentive driven behavior. And then really then having the information at the point of the sale through our technology of offers that have been made to people for credit cards, etc., so you can make the offer again that's already been made to them online or something. So it's a combination of sales practices, more people and then just the discipline of the team, Tom, Glenn and Dena  then it would be incentive driven.

Answer_21:

    Well as you look at the consumer on page 5 you can see the balances and you can see the different pieces. We had change of practice of how we booked residential mortgages for our consumer customers that has an impact on that. But overall you remember they're still fighting a couple -- we're still fighting a couple of things on consumer.
One is the card balances are finally stabilize and you saw from first quarter to second quarter a slight uptick there. That's because we've been hitting increasingly record sales of credit cards so I think we did about $1.3 million this quarter, Bruce, that is again a record for us and since we changed the business model six, seven years ago. And if you look at -- but if you look at things like the home-equity balances and things like that those are under pressure just because we're still seeing significant repayments even though we're producing a lot in that area.
So if you look at that you can see it's across the board just a little bit upside tilt, in part the interplay between some of the runoff in the other category and the buildup in residential. But they do a lot more than sell loans in that place and so the investment sales levels that drives that Merrill Edge, in fact at the FSAs and the branches that we deploy do $4 million of notional on average a month of new investment products. In building $4 million to $5 million they sell obviously checking accounts, net checking accounts this quarter.
We're in a net checking account growth position even taking into account the runoff from divestitures and other things and then you have the loan side. So they are responsible for driving all that and so it shows up in the loans a little bit but also that's why the feed category is stable in other areas.

Answer_22:

    Well, for example in the small-business arena in the first half of the year we did about $5 billion of originations and what the world would define as small business we have it across two divisions and they helped grow that. Merchant services growth, you know they sell that goes into the Business Banking -- Global Banking segment and they sent about 20,000 customers a year into Wealth Management that literally walk in a branch are wealthy and they get moved over and that helps our Wealth Management business.
So you can't think of -- you're right. That salesforce does what it does in the segment but it has the benefit across the board and then service is a lot for all customers.
Business Banking, Commercial Banking customers come into the branches obviously for the cash -- related to the cash management revenue. So it is across the board and contributes and so the good news is they are making more money than they made last year on their own but they are still providing that services and capabilities across the platform.

Answer_23:

    As the runoff subsides in the consumer categories this is Consumer Banking here and then you've got the LAS piece, the LAS home equities will continue to go down because frankly those are products we put in there because we decided not to do them. But on the consumer you should see as it stabilizes you'll see a little bit better loan growth.
But remember that focus on the responsive part of responsible growth we're not going to open up the credit card business in a way that will produce charge-off later down the road that we won't be happy with. So we are driving that growth into the core strong credit quality that we want to have in this Company. And so I'd be careful about assuming it will just leap to us because to do that you'd have to go into credit postures that we won't do.

Answer_24:

    And I would just add, Brian, if you look at home-equity it's a good example where if you look within the consumer banking space during the second quarter of this year the home equity originations of line amounts were about $3.2 billion. They were to loan to value less than 60%, FICOs deep into the 700s and so there were more than $3 billion of those booked.
It's number one market share, roughly $1.5 billion of that was funded, but you do have some of the legacy stuff that's running off. So I think when you wonder about activity levels and what's happening I think you need to realize that with that number one share in what we're doing it is growing. It's just that there is a runoff that mutes that effect.

Answer_25:

    I think there are couple of things. We're obviously working hard to move as many of the exposures from CEM treatment to IMM treatment which generally has favorable benefit there.
The second thing I talked about better collateral management as well as looking to work to do more compression and to net things out and we continued to see some benefit there. I think third is we continue to move out and we're largely through this but as we continue to move out some of the non-performing consumer real estate as well as the benefits of improved consumer credit quality, we're seeing benefits there. And there still are a few RMBS and other type positions that we'd expect to get benefit for over the next couple of quarters.
So I think this quarter was clearly a quarter between the activities that we undertook as well as what happened from a rates and FX perspective where we saw pretty good quarter-over-quarter improvement. And obviously that was not only in the markets business but also in the consumer businesses.

Answer_26:

    I'd say, Bruce, the other thing we have a healthy dose of operating capital due to the operating risk embedded from Countrywide and other things that we have to figure out over time how we can work through the system because we never did the activities in the Company but on the other hand we had to deal with the cost of them. And so both operating and general, so as you think about that longer term we had to get a more rational view of that operating risk relative to the Company we run today which is different but that will take time and working through the models there too.

Answer_27:

    A couple of points on that. I think first there's clearly a building up of advisors particularly if we're bringing them in and training them, that there's a ramp up in productivity that occurs. I don't think there's any question.
The second thing that I do think is important is that when you look at the net interest income line that as I mentioned it looked a little bit muted, if you saw gross loan net interest income you would see this increasing. So some of the push out of the ALM activities has muted the NII line a little bit.
And then the third thing which you reference that I do think is a little bit more of a trend and I think is not only is somewhat consistent with some of the regulatory standards which we're seeing more and more of the assets that we manage being managed on a long-term basis where we're managing them. And so that's leading to growth in the asset management fees and the corollary to that is that you do have lower brokerage income but net-net you can see that we are growing in the segment and we feel good about the activity that we're seeing there.

Answer_28:

    And I'd say that the few quarters we saw the margin, the pretax margin come down and you're seeing it start to turn back and go up. And there's positive pressure out in the future on that at the end of this year because of some of the deal stuff runs off will add a couple of points to margin that it's in the numbers this year but won't be in the numbers next year.
And then your point is the maturity of the investment cycle so if you go back we're adding financial advisors, their books are coming in, they're building the books and as that maturity happens you'll see it match a little better. But the encouraging signs we're seeing the margin comeback up.
And remember this business also benefits a lot by the rate changes, too, ultimately. It is a big bank, it's got $250 billion deposits, round numbers, a lot of loans, and it has a lot of the same sensitivity our Consumer Bank does that people don't think of it in this context.
So as we think about the comp structure is in place but there's an added deal piece that runs off you're seeing the maturity cycle of the people coming up. And the team is just working hard on the revenue expense management and we started to see some better signs they've got some work to do still though.

Answer_29:

    You make me the caveat that this assumes that we don't have a significant change one way in market conditions because obviously there's a part of Basel III that's somewhat pro cyclical. But I think net-net if we do a good job of managing this the way that we would expect to that absent any exogenous changes we should be able in the institutional business which is both Global Banking as well as sales and trading that we should be able to grow loans while at the same time have reductions in the overall risk-weighted assets that are attributed to that area. Now where you will probably see it be more dollar for dollar is obviously under standardized those loans tend to be every dollar of loan is a dollar of RWA so you have to be a little bit careful between which method you're looking at.

Answer_30:

    It's both because you're right, as it relates to a ratio pro forma for this it is the lower number. But keep in mind you have to keep the focus on standardized as well because at least based on last year's CCAR as well as guidance that's out there standardized is very important from a CCAR perspective.

Answer_31:

    A couple of things on that front. The first is as it relates to G-SIB, their application, where they may or may not be used, at this point while we participate in industry forums I think that the supervisory area has been very transparent and sharing much of the same things that they share with us you are also aware of. So I think that the information is fairly disseminated amongst everyone.
As it relates to contingency planning it's really an ongoing continuation of what we did from 2013 to 2014 which if you recall is related to our quantitative CCAR results in a timeframe where we didn't have significant levels of net income that our CCAR cushion grew significantly. So what are we doing to focus on that? On the investment portfolio we're mindful of managing OCI risk given that it flows through the overall CCAR process.
We continue to be very focused on moving out those loans and those assets that have higher loss content and at the same time making sure that the originations that we put on were of the highest quality. So we continue to focus on that.
If you look at the overall risk that's being taken within the markets business, we're managing that so that there's not a surprise as it relates to that. And clearly we continue to work hard to move out those exposures that have high loss content there.
So I think I would say it's really much more of a continuation of the work that we've been at for several years now. And we're mindful of making sure that we continue to push that stuff out at the same time that we're originating those things that we'll perform well as part of that overall exercise.

Answer_32:

    I think that the TLAC ratio as it relates to where we are and this assumes that we exclude stuff that's less than a year, I think the TLAC ratio is roughly 21% at this point, we'll have to see the deducts that come in and out of that based on G-SIB and other things. But I think we're just below 21% at the end of the quarter.

Answer_33:

    We'll let Lee get back to you on that. I don't have that off the top of my head in terms of -- I just don't have that fact right in front of me.

Answer_34:

    Yep, Lee can fill you in on that.

Answer_35:

    So let's step back and make sure that we understand one thing is the idea here is we're moving because the customers are moving and how they conduct business. And so you've got to run your changes consistent with what they're doing. That's a baseline that you have to stick to because if you forget that you can overshoot or undershoot frankly and so that being said that's one point.
The second point is in the 6,100 branches that we had at the peak down to this level there were multiple things we were doing, customer behavior changes, change in the configuration of the markets we attack, etc., so there are lots of elements. So now we're now on a business as usual ongoing practice which will really be driven more by the customer behavior as opposed to some viewpoints we have about markets and arranging the franchise.
So I'd expect that they will continue to work themselves down and I wouldn't predict a steady rate because it's a very complex equation but then let's flip to what's really going on. As Bruce talked about earlier we have 17.6 million mobile users. We have 31 million bank computer banking users, that number is actually growing again.
For a while it was kind of flat, it's actually growing, so it's interesting that that's happening. 16% of all our sales are all digital now. About 6% of the sales of digital which is computers and mobile are mobile and that's growing at 300% so it's catching up.
And then you get things which are interesting because it goes to the efficiency of your branch. There are about 10,000 appointments scheduled in a mobile device a week at the branch which then allows us to have a more efficient branch structure. Even though we may have less we may have bigger branches because you have more sales going on in them.
So think about that, that's up from 2,000 last year, second quarter of 10,000 times a week now and growing at that rate implied there. People are scheduling appointments to come see us which is a lot better experience for us and then to help us to serve them.
So it allows us to have our staffing levels done. Bruce referenced the checks deposited are 13% of all the checks so the activity of all this is critical to that question. So I won't give you a 5% reduction or 4% reduction.
I think you can mathematically derive what we've done. But I'd be careful about assuming it will be that ratable but it will be more based in behavior change. But the key is our customer scores have gone up overall and even in the mobile channels we've gone up year over year 1,000 basis points in our mobile channel, top two box satisfaction.
So it will be a complex thing. It's an integrated pool of capabilities. Phones, online ATA and branches and you'd expect it to be pressure going down but remember we were early into this and if you think about 1,400 branches that's bigger than a lot of companies out there already out of the system. So we've been at this for a long time but we will do it the right way because if you push too hard you will upset the client.

Answer_36:

    What I'm referencing is discrete away from the entire recruiting process. This is a -- was set up at the time of the transaction for a group of people at that time and it just came in over the years and it's not this last year it goes away.
The forgivable loan practice and all the other stuff in recruiting is a whole different thing. But for John in key banks and the teams they're successfully recruiting on the experience level the attritions for the top two quintile financial advisors is at an all-time low, I think again I think it's running at 2% or something like that. So we're retaining those and then we're recruiting at both the experienced level but importantly what is obvious to us is to drive the amount of client need here, drive against the client need which is huge and underserved in our belief.
We had to create more advisors than there are out there and so we've really worked hard on what they call the PMD program which is basically bringing people in the business who may have experience in other firms by bringing them into our firm and also other industries into our firm. And that is now reaping benefits to us given we've been working on it for two or three years to retool it and drive it.
So you should expect our advisor count to go up and our productivity may come down per advisor. But frankly there's a lot of business where remember our value predict is 1 million and so on so bringing it down a little bit to get a lot more growth, a lot more growth in advisors would not be -- would be a great trade for our Company.
So our recruiting is strong. We're net doing a decent job at the higher end that you hear a lot about, that is not a big part of the advisor count, several hundred a year, like in a couple 200, 300.
But what's going to drive our advisor and capabilities to serve our clients is the broader buildout of the teams which is the BFAs and the PMDs that work at the branches in some cases and work with people. And that should redound to our benefit over time although it will have a little drag on profitability right now because it's investment.

Answer_37:

    I don't have 50 basis points, Marty, but the number we quoted was on a 100 basis point move the FAS 91 benefit would be $775 million.

Answer_38:

    There's clearly some of that because we would expect as we go forward with the composition of the balance sheet that there will be incremental cash that's generated. Obviously some of that goes into loan growth and some of it goes into the investment portfolio. So embedded in that those comments is an assumption that there will be a little bit more to be invested.

Answer_39:

    I would think of it as on the low end of that during the third quarter and a comparable amount in the fourth. And there's one other thing that I did want to correct that I said earlier that if you look at the securities balances yield the stability that we saw once you adjust for FAS 91 was Q1 to Q2.

Answer_40:

    I think if you look at -- I think the important thing is that so that rate tends to manifest itself in the market based NII. There are a lot of things that drive that when rates move around as much as they have but I don't think there's any question that over time as you're in an increasing rate environment that there is a part of the yield component that flows through NII that you would expect to get a little bit better.

Answer_41:

    It would but the question is it works its way through but if you look across long periods of time it's relatively constant.

Answer_42:

    At any one point in time it can move around but you should assume it's comfortably above $100 billion that's on the Fed in any one night during the quarter. And I think that when you look at where we are with LCR where we are at both the parent as well as the bank, that I think and $484 billion of overall liquidity which is a record that we feel we're in a reasonable place and I don't see significant changes going forward, Nancy.

Answer_43:

    Probably both.

Answer_44:

    In the mortgage business, for example the bank originators we're number one in JD Power survey and I think we're number two or three overall of all mortgage companies. So I think in terms of originating mortgage loans a guy name Steve Boland runs that for us has gotten that platform settled in and you'll get momentary spikes where the refis will bump up and things slow down.
From a get the loan done, from keeping our credit quality where we wanted that ends up with us having some noise around people who don't get mortgages. So we did $15 billion or whatever we did this quarter, 30% of those loans were moderate income so we're still serving that segment. But again we are not pushing for credit terms and mortgage and I think you'd understand why, Nancy.

Answer_45:

    Well, if you look at our customer scores continue to rise almost on a monthly basis and in the broadest context our brand and part of that is due to what happens at the branch. Part of it is also due to there's less stuff going on about the Company and that's gone from the low point in the fourth-quarter 2009 and has rose fairly steadily. So it's been in fact back to within 95% of where it was at it is highest point in 2005 and 2006.
So with that we're satisfied. And if you actually go to the customers who actually get served when we measure all the channels which we measure with tens of thousands of customers a week and a month you find that those scores continue to go up and the top two box score I think we're in the 70s to 80s of the various channels and including mortgage.
So because you just have a lot of customers you'll find out that once in a while we're bumping up in our jobs to fix something we do but if you think about it we've added mortgage production, checking accounts net new, credit cards and that's the ramification of good service and driving it and the team just continues to work on it. We're not perfect and we will always get better but I think if you look at it over the last three or four years it continues to get better.

Answer_46:

    And by the way if you look at our deposit growth it continues to accelerate in over the top of the CDs continue to run off year over year of $10 billion. So we're up $31 billion in deposits and consumer year over year I think it has and CDs were probably down I don't know $10 billion or so.
So think about that if people didn't like us a lot they wouldn't be giving us their core checking account and that is happening more and more every quarter. And that will serve us well as rates change because we are a hugely primary focus checking account company in the broad mass-market business which is different than the past.

Answer_47:

    Yes, I think the first thing that you have to keep in mind, Mike, when you quote the numbers within the business is on a year-over-year basis you have two significant things happening. You've had FAS 91 in a significant movement in rates as it relates to push out of those charges as well as we push the LCR out to the businesses from a reported segment perspective that has a significant impact.
And so I think as we've gone through the presentation that the numbers that I would focus on are very much what's going on within the segments looking at the fee income line because there is activity from a net interest income perspective of greater activity within the businesses. So I'd be a little bit careful with that characterization and I think in that context I'd go back to Brian's initial comments which we continue to push hard, we're adding client facing personnel across the Company, at the same time we're reducing aggregate headcount and that's leading to declines in the expense numbers and we're very, very focused on continuing to keep that balance as we go forward.

Answer_48:

    Don't take GWIM because I got that number off the top of my head Mike. I think year over year the difference in GWIM NII allocation due to sort of unfundamental things is Bruce how much of --

Answer_49:

    Yes, let's just go through. Relative to the second quarter of 2014 you've got consumer from an overall NII impact was more than $200 million. GWIM was as Brian said roughly $130 million, overall Investment Bank, our Global Banking was a couple hundred million and then you have de minimis amounts within markets and LAS.

Answer_50:

    That is nothing more than us changing the allocation method, it's because of LCR and other things becoming important. So we pushed down the businesses to get the behavior of the businesses aligned with the parent.
So this is why you have to be a little careful about micro assessing these movements because things change in the methodology year over year and we don't go back and restate this. We didn't do it last year.

Answer_51:

    Mike, we are satisfied that we are starting to see the hard work of all our teammates come through but we're not satisfied in the sense that we expect better performance on both the revenue expense dynamic in the future. That's -- we'll keep working at it.
But if you look at it over the last several quarters what you've seen in stability in revenues but continue to work on expenses both in the dollars but also in the headcount. 15 straight quarters, 3,000 more personnel reductions per quarter is a pretty strong record to show that we're disciplined in workers.

Answer_52:

    It may be the pagination. It's been listed in our documents consistently.  focused on those goals and we've told you that each time you've asked the question.

Answer_53:

    Mike, as I told you at the Annual Meeting when you were there with a few other people and asking the questions on this question, we had the building blocks in place to get us to where we are and we can see the building blocks falling in place to get us to our goals. And there are external factors, the rate increase and stuff that you see in the market curve that's changed just in the last 15 days in this quarter and has moved around dramatically. But with our control of elements we continue to drive and we see the progression towards it over the next several quarters like we told you.

Answer_54:

    And I think, Mike, just to be clear we've talked about 100 basis points and 12% to 14% return on tangible common equity. Obviously at 99 basis points we're bumping right up against that.
And I think what's important is as you look to the path to what we've talked about we're basically there in the second quarter, you could say you had the $700 million in FAS 91, the $400 million of loan sale gains and a couple hundred million dollars from rep and warrant provisions. But what I think is interesting and as you look at the path there is if you look at and assume the 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve what that would mean in the quarter as well as if we ultimately get to where our LAS expense goals are you're basically back to all other things being equal where we were this quarter. So what was articulated is something where you couldn't see a path or a way to get there, I think it was a step forward this quarter as far as seeing how we can get there.

Answer_55:

    Let me take a stab at a couple of parts of that question. The first is and I think you referenced that what would you do if global market expenses were lower on a go-forward basis? I think this quarter was reflective of the way you'd expect us to manage it which is the pure sales and trading number was down 2% and total expenses within the segment were down 5%.
So I think some of what Brian communicated inmate you saw evidence of that happening during the quarter. The second thing that I would say is that it's obviously earlier in the quarter but I wouldn't draw any conclusions as to overall performance based on the volatility that we've seen during the first couple of weeks to the negative.
And then third I think your question was and is just that with what's going on within some of the European banks as well as changes in management and questions around capital, how does that translate and what are you seeing in the US business? I think what I would say is that we obviously have significant share in the US business. We're looking to do a better job of that and I think that as you look at some of the loan growth that we've seen that it is reflective of the fact that we're deepening in the US but just as importantly that loan growth is not only in the US, it's throughout Europe.
There's been a little bit in Latin America and there's been growth in Asia-Pac. So we are looking to use some of these market opportunities as a basis to deepen and look to grow the overall global banking segment.

Answer_56:

    Well thank you everyone. That's the last question. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.

