Answer_1:

    Sure. On Prime Now, we're -- don't have specific metrics we want to share today. But, we have expanded to seven cities, with more on the way. Customers are really enjoying the one hour and two hour delivery of tens of thousands of daily essential products. So, the response has been great.
We'll point out that our operations network that we've been building for the last 20 years, helps make Prime Now a viable proposition for us. The scale makes a possible. So, really, so far customer response has been great.

Answer_2:

    And, Brian, on the FCs, as we've done in prior years, it's early in the year, and as we progress through the year, we'll give you some updates on how many. But, as a reminder, we ended the year with 109 fulfillment centers around the world and we'll update you as we go.

Answer_3:

    Yes, sure. So, North America operating margin up 120 basis points year over year to 3.9%. A lot of good cost efficiency. But, again, we're continuing to invest selectively as we build the Prime platform and invent on behalf of customers.
So, you'll see a lot of invention. Definitely to feed the Prime platform, which, things like video content, Prime music as we talk about Prime Now devices. And, we continue to build fulfillment centers for selection and expansion and FBA. So, that's -- it's generally what's driving the operating margin in North America.

Answer_4:

    And, just to add onto that, we're -- we gave the metrics last quarter about Prime. It's growing very fast. As Brian said, we're feeding the platform and certainly, the common thing with category expansion, new FCs, original content, Prime Instant Video devices, Prime Now; the common theme is they're all really intertwined with Prime.
And, they're inextricably linked to our consumer business in Prime. So, it's just -- we're happy to do it. And, the last quarter, we gave an indication of the growth rates after being added for 10 years. So, we're super excited to have the platform and to continue to invest in it.

Answer_5:

    Yes, let me start with China. So, I think you see a lot of invention. You're seeing a lot of invention from us in China right now. Amazon is a trusted source of authentic international products.
And, that's really what we're doubling down on now, with the Amazon global store on our own site, which gives Chinese customers access to over a million Amazon products globally. And then, the team all flagship store for international brands, which you've heard about. Giving thousands of direct imported products access, or, customers, access to these products. And those happened to be stocked and ready to ship from our fulfillment centers in China. So, that's an added benefit.
25% of those are exclus -- or, over 25% of those are exclusives to Amazon. So, we continue to be selective in our investments there. But, we're taking the long-term view and we have hopes for the new initiatives along with the global store and the team all flagship store.

Answer_6:

    In terms of the growth for total international, just maybe, some comments first about the current quarter. And, then elaborate a little bit further. But, the growth was down 2% on a dollar basis. Up 14% on a local currency basis.
So, we did see a little bit of improvement in terms of growth rate acceleration versus the last couple quarters. And, in addition to the things that Brian mentioned earlier, about the Prime platform. That's something that we're doing globally. And so, we're certainly, all of those things we're working on globally. So, those are things that, at least in most geographies, we have today.
One thing to keep in mind also, as you look at the growth rate for Q1, is last year Q1 we talked about in April 1, there was a consumption tax increase in Japan. We had some, what we think some pre-buys in Q1 and we're overlapping that. And, in Q1 of this year. So, it's a headwind if you think about it for Q1. But, we're looking at -- we think there's still a big opportunity.
As we mentioned last call, a big opportunity with Prime. Prime's growing at a faster rate. We think there's still a great opportunity to add unique selection to -- for category expansion. And, again, so we're going to continue to feed the Prime platform as we talked about. Continue to add selection in a lot of categories.
We're also very excited about India. If you take a look at our results for -- from an operating profit standpoint, you see that it was approximately negative $76 million on a dollar basis. If you back out exchange, that's approximately breakeven. Included in there, we certainly have a sizable step up in investment in India. And, we're super excited from what we see there right now.
We think it's very big opportunity. And, we're investing appropriately for that big opportunity. So, those are some of the things that we're working on. And, we think they're -- we still have a lot of opportunity there moving forward.

Answer_7:

    To answer your first question, yes, they are. The associated infrastructure costs to run our North America and International consumer business, those costs, those infrastructure costs are being allocated to those segments.
The second question, in terms of China, it's early. We're liking, certainly, some of the things that we're seeing there. But, there's not a lot I can add to that at this stage.

Answer_8:

    Yes, I think the best way to think about it is, we certainly have an advertising part of our North American consumer segments. But, the way you should think about it is we are making some great investments for the long term. And, that's really what's reflected in the operating results that you're seeing in terms of -- so, it is certainly impacting the operating margins both for North America and International.
So, it's the things that we're -- both Brian and I talked about, that we're doing globally to support the Prime platform. All of those things that we mentioned. Video content, original content, Prime Now, category expansion, investing on behalf of FBA, which also helps Prime devices. Those are all intertwined and certainly part of that.
And, then some of the things outside of -- that are more specifically related to International in addition to those, are some of the geographic stuff that we talked about. So, I think you should think about it that way. That, certainly we think it's a big opportunity.
And, again, one of the reasons I wanted to give you an update last quarter on Prime growth and you can see that that's going very well, and so we're feeding that. And, that's what we have been doing and that's what you see also, in certainly, the results that you're seeing today.

Answer_9:

    Sure.

Answer_10:

    Yes, in terms of International, we're not breaking out individual country results. The one thing that I did mention around from a country perspective, was India. In terms of, we've certainly stepped up our investment. And, if you look at it year over year. So, that's certainly reflected in the numbers that you're seeing.
In terms of AWS, we've had 48 price decreases since inception. The team is doing a terrific job in terms of working on behalf of customers to pass on savings as they see it. But, in terms of any comment on what to expect going forward, there's really not much to add there.

Answer_11:

    It probably is worth adding, that although price is a factor, the primary factor for customers choosing to move to AWS is really around their ability to move quickly and to be nimble and agile.
And so, we're very pleased with the kind of continued adoption and usage growth we've seen and obviously the benefits of AWS around their ability, customers' ability to be nimble, as a primary factor there.

Answer_12:

    In terms of your first question specifically related to North America. One of the comments we made last quarter, that we disclosed, was we disclosed the growth rate globally. As well as the growth rate in the US. And, the growth rate in the US after 10 years is up 50%. It was up 50% year over year.
And so, 2014 versus 2013, in terms of Prime membership. And, that's after a price increase on Prime from 79 to 99. So, it gives you a feel for the work that we've put into Prime to make that experience great for customers and the value that we're giving them. So again, given that growth.
So, that's what, that's certainly one of the things that gives us comfort. But, when we look at the individual pieces we like what we see. So, in other words, some of the investments we're making, I think as we've talked about the past. I'll give one example, would be, video content, both original and licensed content.
We mentioned last call that we spent approximately $1.3 billion on content globally for Prime customers. And, what we've seen to date, is it's certainly still an investment for us. It's certainly impacting our operating results, but we like what we see. We see customers who come in through our free trial pipeline, if you will, for video content. They convert at a higher rate.
We see -- we have a great retention of Prime members. But, those who stream, actually, we retain those at a higher rate. And, we bring in new customers through our video pipeline. The purchasing pattern that we have for those customers is very similar to those who come in from other pipelines. So, in other words, they're buying very good from a physical product standpoint, as well as digital. So, they're buying a diverse set of products.
So, in other words, the video content that we're spending is helping us. Customers will buy consumables from us. They'll buy clothing from us. They'll buy shoes from us. They'll buy electronics. They'll buy media items.
So, that's what we're seeing and so again, it's some of these things are very early. We'll have to see over time how efficient they are. But, each period we go, we keep the data that we see, we're encouraged. And so, that's just one example.
But, that's why we are investing a lot in Prime and we think it's a great -- the Prime platform, if you will. And, we think it's a great opportunity and as I mentioned earlier, all these things we're investing in are very intertwined.

Answer_13:

    And, Carlos, I think you had a question about AWS. From our perspective, it's a business that's still really in day one. A lot of potential innovation in front of us, we believe. And so, you can see we're putting a lot of CapEx, obviously there, including capital leases. And, we think over time, we will be able to generate significant free cash flow at strong ROICs.

Answer_14:

    The -- thanks for the question, Mark. Just in terms of going forward, we're not giving any specific guidance beyond the current quarter. So, I can't predict for you what could happen.
But, what you mentioned is, in some of the periods that you were describing, as you mentioned, what our business look like. Several years ago, when Prime was nascent or, and we were a bit earlier in the business. We go through different cycles. We're certainly still investing very heavily.
That being said, we, as I mentioned last quarter, we're spending time on making sure that we get productivity. So, we're working on both investing heavily in the business, while working on fixed and variable productivity in other areas. Putting a lot more energy into it. That's what's helping us with the improvement that Brian mentioned in terms of operating margins year over year. It's a number of different aspects, but certainly, a mix of business and some productivity is certainly impacting that.
But, again, we think this opportunity is to improve margins over time. You'll have to stay tuned on that to see what it looks like. But, we certainly, as you can see from, not only the results, but some of the data points that we've given over the last several quarters. We are investing heavily in the business again.
Because, we like what we see and the -- and Prime growing so dramatically globally after being in it for a long time. And, we think that that's a great platform to feed.

Answer_15:

    Justin, I will take the AWS portion on the question first. So, our model over the long term really has been to innovate and to use our scale and position to be able to pass savings along to customers. And so, we've had 48 price decreases since we launched.
As I talked about earlier, that's one factor. Customers save a lot of money, but the primary motivator is really around the innovation that AWS enables and the ability for developers to move really quickly.

Answer_16:

    In terms of the International. Again, as you mentioned, Justin, we are investing a lot right now. At which, impacts the margins there. Again, X exchange.
Think of it as approximately breakeven for the quarter. And so, again we're continuing to invest. We're investing in all the things that we talked about related to the platform. We continue to invest in some emerging geographies. Most notably certainly, India, with the step up given the experience we have.
So, we are optimistic over time. We have a lot to do there. We think it's a great opportunity for us and so that's what we're doing. But, we're excited about the opportunity and that's why you see the results that you're seeing there.

Answer_17:

    Yes, in terms of the CapEx question. You know there's certainly two pieces of that. There's the consumer, the North America and International piece.
There's a number of pieces, but certainly the two largest pieces would certainly be the CapEx associated with fulfillment and the second would be infrastructure. And, again, that's for AWS versus North America and International.
I'll take the North America and International first. We're seeing good growth and year over year, in terms of overall unit growth, in terms of revenue growth, certainly, X exchange. As I a mentioned earlier, it's early in the year. So, as we do every year, we'll continue to monitor the growth there.
We're making plans for the rest of the year. And we'll get back to you as we progress throughout the year in terms of what fulfillment capacity we'll need to support that growth this year.
In terms of web services, it's obviously growing extremely fast. We saw some acceleration of growth from a revenue perspective over the last few quarters here. Usage is growing faster than that, so we will be deploying more capital as we go there. In terms of the amounts, specific amounts, we're not giving guidance on that today.
And, one of the reasons is, it's just growing so fast, that we want to make sure we've put the right amount of capital in place and the team's doing a great job doing a lot of planning and the execution around that. So, that's what we're doing there. In terms of media, I'm not fully sure I understood the question. But, as it relates to, I think it's video, could you repeat the -- part of that, part of the question?

Answer_18:

    Heath, we do allocate some Prime to account for the video.

Answer_19:

    Thanks for the question.

Answer_20:

    Yes, I'll take that one. We certainly, as I said earlier, we see this as a natural extension of our existing infrastructure investment. We've -- we have 109 fulfillment centers, again, very close to customers. It allows us and unlocks for us, same day and next day deliveries.
And, to its, extreme one hour and two hour deliveries, as you've seen with Prime Now. So, we're not forecasting or giving much more on that. But, we definitely see it as a valuable customer proposition and customers embraced it.
Again, a smaller number of ASINs, tens of thousands of ASINs, but available for one or two hour delivery. And, generally, in the category of essential products that you would need in a short time period.

Answer_21:

    And, the only thing I would add to that, as Brian mentioned earlier as well, we're in seven cities today and they'll be more to come. We haven't said how many, but, you should be definitely expecting more to come, and we're very excited to do that.

Answer_22:

    Yes, in terms of our consumer business, we love the business that we have today. We love -- we think there's a great opportunity to do that. To continue to expand the existing business that we have.
In terms of other things, we have a longstanding practice of not talking about what we might or might not do there. In terms of the second part, India and China, could you repeat that part? Sorry.

Answer_23:

    Yes, thank you for the question. Yes, they are very different. You'll see the growth rate in India's very rapid. We talked about last year and it's increasing our investment.
I think the biggest difference is the focus on sellers and the connection of sellers. A big part of the challenge there is helping sellers all across India to succeed and grow their online businesses. You'll see from our press release, that we've launched some new apps for that. So, that helps them manage their inventory better and also respond to customer inquiries.
So, that's probably the biggest difference that we see between India and China. But, it's still very very early on in India.

Answer_24:

    We've spent a tremendous amount of time on our seller business over the years. And, trying to improve both the experience for sellers as well as customers. And, we've done a lot of interesting things to help sellers and that's why you see the results that we're seeing today. 44% of our units today, as of this quarter, are third-party units. That's up about 400 basis points from last year.
Certainly, one of the things that we've talked about that's most -- that's notable, is fulfillment by Amazon. And so, the benefit for sellers is they get to take advantage of our multi-node fulfillment network globally. We have 109 fulfillment centers globally. As well as our customers get to take advantage of that as Prime members where we offer it in those geographies. So, it's really a great benefit for sellers.
It's good for sellers. It's good for customers. And, we believe good for shareowners too. Again, we're very excited. A number of different things we're working on. But certainly, one of the drivers, along with all the things that I mentioned is certainly FBA is very helpful.

Answer_25:

    So, Mark, I can't comment on the derived number. But, I can say that FBA continues to grow really well. It's become a bigger and bigger part of our third-party mix over the years.
I think we gave you an update in Q4 that it was more than 40% of our third-party units. Obviously, in the fulfillment line there is cost associated with that. As well as our other third-party units as well, with things like payment processing and other costs that we incur. So, I don't know if there's much more that we can say about that.

Answer_26:

    Well, if you take a look at the guidance that we gave. Again, we gave as we have in previous quarters, we give a wide range. And, from a consolidated segment operating income standpoint, we gave $100 to $650.
The implied margin at the lower end, the higher end, is approximately 50 basis points upwards to 2.9%. This quarter, in Q1, we were up 60 basis points year over year in total. At the upper end of the forecast, we implied we'd be up 80 basis points. So, again, you know that's the range that we think it's appropriate; range for Q2.

Answer_27:

    So, let's start with the increase sequentially in margin from Q2, or Q3 to Q4 of 2014. So, revenue grew by about 21.5% sequentially and expense grew by around 10%. And, so obviously, we were growing faster on the top line than our expenses.
And, over the long term improvements in efficiency and innovation allow us to drive that kind of cost out of the business. I mean, there certainly was an impact with pricing changes and you probably saw some of that in Q2 as well. But, over the long term, that's the model we follow. Great, thank you.

Answer_28:

    And, with that, thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our investor relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

