
Good morning to those on the phone and joining us by webcast. Before Brian Moynihan and Bruce Thompson begin their comments, let me remind you that this presentation, which is available at BankofAmerica.com, does contain some forward-looking statements regarding both our financial condition and financial results, and that these statements involve certain risks that may cause actual results in the future to be different from our current expectations. Please see our press release and SEC documents for further information.
So with that, let me turn it over to our CEO, Brian Moynihan.

Thanks, Lee. Good morning, everyone. I will cover a few points, and then I will turn it over to Bruce to go through the details of the quarter, as we have done in other quarters.
Consistent with prior quarters, our Company continued to show progress on the areas we have been focused upon -- capital generation, managing risk, achieving cost savings, addressing legacy issues, and driving our core growth strategies in our core lines of business.
On the capital front this quarter, we generated $3 billion-plus of Basel 1 Tier 1 common capital. Our Basel 3 ratios now approach 10% on a fully phased-in basis. That capital and liquidity and the balance sheet optimization that has been going on for the last several quarters holds us in good shape with regards to the regulatory suggested or proposed requirements that we see on the horizon.
The strength and capital is allowing us to return capital to shareholders. In the past six months we have repurchased 140 million shares, equalling about $2 billion of our $5 billion authorization.
Turning to the revenue side, we have experienced relative stability this quarter. But of course we felt the impacts of the industrywide headwinds on a slower refi business in mortgage and a slowdown in the capital markets from a typical summer slowdown as well as the investor concerns of a political and monetary uncertainty.
On expenses, this quarter we incurred additional litigation costs. Outside of that we continue to make progress on our expense initiatives, remaining on track to deliver the cost savings that we told you about two years ago in New BAC, and also reducing the costs in our Legacy Assets and Servicing area.
In the credit area we continue to see asset quality improve, and our net loss rates are at levels not seen since 2005. As the macro environment slowly improved we experienced a 20% drop in net charge-offs and a decline in delinquencies from the second quarter.
Our 248,000 teammates have been fully engaged with our customer clients to drive activity. We are pleased to see another quarter of solid loan growth in our commercial businesses, while we continue to see the consumer lending activity stabilize in our card balances and modest growth elsewhere, which has offset the runoff in our non-core portfolios.
As a Company, we reached record deposit levels this quarter, more than $1.1 trillion in deposits. Our client balance flows in our Wealth Management clients helped us maintain our industry-leading positions. And you have seen that Bank of America Merrill Lynch has assumed prominent roles in the marquee investment banking deals that have gone on this quarter.
We have also seen a nice trend of progress, absent some seasonality, of results in our equity trading business. It has been gaining market share and continuing to improve.
So to sum it up, it is another solid quarter of progress in our core businesses; and I'm going to turn it over to Bruce to cover in detail the presentation. Bruce?

Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I am going to start my presentation on slide 5. During the quarter, we earned $2.5 billion or $0.20 per diluted share.
Before I address the core business trends let me mention a few noteworthy items from our results that we have disclosed to you previously. First, we sold our remaining stake in CCB, recording a pretax gain of $753 million, which was partially offset by a $443 million negative impact of FVO and DVA, as our as our credit spreads continued to tighten during the quarter. The net of these items benefited EPS by $0.02 in the quarter.
We also recorded a $1.1 billion charge to remeasure our UK deferred tax asset, given the 3% decline in the tax rate, which reduced EPS by $0.10 a share. The net of these is obviously a reduction of $0.08.
Moving to the core business, total revenues in the quarter on an FTE basis were solid at $21.7 billion, or $22.2 billion if we exclude the FVO and DVA charges. If we compare this to the second quarter, revenues declined on lower mortgage banking revenue as well as mostly seasonal declines within our sales and trading area.
Total non-interest expense of $16.4 billion included $1.1 billion in litigation costs, a $600 million increase in litigation cost from second-quarter levels. The increase in these costs was partially offset by the improvement in both our Legacy Assets and Servicing costs as well as the benefits of our New BAC initiatives.
Asset quality improved significantly, with net charge-offs improving 20% from the second quarter of 2013 to $1.7 billion. And with the reserve reductions we took in the quarter, we recorded provision expense of just under $300 million in the quarter.
On slide 6 you can see that our period-end balance sheet remained relatively stable versus the prior quarter at about $2.13 billion. Customer activity remained solid with loans, largely led by commercial loans, up $12.8 billion.
Consumer lending activity in the quarter improved as we saw increased loan generation in our Dealer Financial Services area and our continued stabilization of card balances, which was partially offset by the runoff within our home equity portfolio. Period-end deposits were up over $29 billion or 2.7%, led by commercial client activity and solid flows from our Wealth Management clients.
If we move down the page, tangible book value per share improved to $13.62, and our tangible common equity ratio increased above 7%.
A couple other things that I would like to mention during the quarter. We repurchased 60 million shares for roughly $900 million during the quarter. OCI increased by about $900 million during the quarter. And our preferred stock includes the completion of our previously announced preferred stock redemption for just under $1 billion.
On slide 7 you can see our Basel 1 Tier 1 common ratio of 11.08% increased 25 basis points from the second quarter of 2013. Under Basel 3 on a fully phased-in basis under the Advanced Approach, Tier 1 common capital increased by approximately $6 billion to an estimated $131.8 billion. Our Tier 1 common ratio is 9.94%, showing a 34 basis point improvement from the second quarter of 2013.
And our estimate of the Basel 3 Tier 1 common ratio on a fully phased-in basis under the Standardized Approach would be just over 9% above our proposed 8.5% 2019 minimum requirement.
If we move to the supplemental leverage ratio, based on the proposed US requirements that don't take effect until 2018, at the end of the third quarter our bank holding company leverage ratio improved to above the proposed minimum of 5%; and our two primary banking subsidiaries, BANA and FIA, continue to be in excess of the 6% proposed minimum.
So to reiterate what Brian mentioned, there are a lot of new capital regulations proposed or finalized, and we already exceed the requirements for the various known rules on Basel 3 capital and the supplementary leverage ratio.
On slide 8, funding and liquidity, you can see our long-term debt ended the quarter $7 billion lower as maturities and the completion of our $5 billion tender offer outpaced issuances. We have $40 billion of parent Company maturities through 2014; and as we look forward, we expect issuances to be materially below that number as we continue to reduce and smooth the maturity profile of our debt footprint.
Global excess liquidity sources of $359 billion increased from $342 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2013, and parent Company liquidity remained strong at $95 billion. That translates into a Time to Required Funding of 35 months, well above our two-year coverage that we target.
I would also like to highlight that on October 1 of this year we have completed the legal entity merger of the Merrill Lynch Holding Company into Bank of America Corporation as part of our continued efforts to both simplify the Company and reduce cost.
We turn to slide 9, net interest income. Net interest income on a reported basis was $10.5 billion, down from the second quarter of 2013, as the improvement in our core net interest income was more than offset by a negative impact from market-related impacts. If we exclude those market-related impacts, net interest income built off of Q2 2013's $10.4 billion to be just north of $10.5 billion.
During the quarter, we benefited from higher rates in our discretionary book, lower long-term debt levels, higher commercial loans, and lower rates paid on deposits. These positives were partially mitigated by lower loan yields and lower trading-related NII.
As you will note on the slide, the net interest yield excluding market-related impacts improved from 2.36% to 2.44%, driven by the lower balance sheet levels as well as our lower funding cost. And consistent with what we mentioned last quarter, we expect to realize the benefit of higher long-term rates as we reinvest, but note that some of those benefits will occur through time.
On slide 10, we will spend a few minutes on expenses. Total expenses for the quarter were $16.4 billion, a $1.1 billion improvement from the year-ago quarter, but up $371 million from the second quarter of this year.
I want to be clear. As you look at expenses and see the uptick in the linked-quarter expense, we continue to deliver on our non-litigation expense reductions in our Legacy Assets and Servicing area as well as the ongoing benefits from our New BAC initiatives in the balance of the Company.
Compared to the second quarter of 2013, progress on LAS and New BAC, in addition to lower revenue-related incentive compensation, was more than offset by increased cost of litigation as well as some marketing initiatives that were accelerated from the fourth quarter of 2013. Our litigation expenses did increase as the continued evaluation of legacy exposures led to an addition to reserves.
Our LAS expenses ex-litigation, which are shown on the gray bar on slide 10, of $2.2 billion declined $110 million from the second quarter of 2013. And we continue to expect our fourth-quarter LAS expenses ex-litigation to be below $2 billion as we continue to make very good progress on reducing the number of 60-plus-day delinquents that we have in that business.
Our New BAC savings in the third quarter were approximately $100 million and are included in All Other, the red bar. We also remain on track to achieve the expected $1.5 billion of New BAC quarterly cost benefits by the end of 2013 and ultimately the $2 billion quarterly benefit upon completion of the project.
From an employee staffing perspective, our number of FTEs ended the quarter at 248,000, a decline of more than 9,000 or 3.6% from the second quarter of 2013. That was driven by staff reductions within our Legacy Assets and Servicing area, declines in home loans given the slowdown in mortgage production, as well as the continued optimization of our branch network.
While we were down by 3.6% from the end of the second quarter to the end of the third quarter, the average FTEs only declined 2.3%. So we will get some additional benefits during the fourth quarter relative to the third from those reductions.
We touched on asset quality, slide 11. You can see that credit quality once again improved significantly. Net charge-offs declined to $1.7 billion, a 20% improvement on a linked-quarter basis.
As Brian referenced, our third quarter of 2013 loss rate of 73 basis points declined 21 basis points from the second quarter and is now at 2005 levels. Delinquencies, a leading indicator of charge-offs, again declined nicely.
During the quarter, we did reduce reserves by $1.4 billion on the back of steadily improving consumer data, which resulted in a provision expense of just under $300 million. Given what we see from the improving delinquencies as well as the current HPI trends, absent any unexpected changes in the economy, we expect net charge-offs to decline again in the fourth quarter and stabilize sometime in 2014 at approximately $1.5 billion per quarter.
Let's move into the individual lines of business on slide 12. Our Consumer and Business Banking segment, we were very pleased with the results during the third quarter as we delivered improved earnings, with revenues growing modestly and expenses declining from both the previous quarter as well as the year-ago quarter. This, coupled with lower credit costs within the segment resulted in net income of approximately $1.8 billion during the quarter, a 28% improvement over the previous quarter and a 32% improvement over last year.
That was achieved as we continued to do more business with our core customers. Our average deposits were stable as our organic customer growth was offset by small branch divestitures as well as migrations to our Global Wealth and Investment Management area.
Our brokerage assets are at record levels within this business, up 6% from the second quarter and up 18% over the prior year's quarter. Average loans, as I mentioned, reflect stability in card balances as well as growth within our Dealer Financial Services area.
Card issuance during the quarter remained strong. We issued more than 1 million new cards in the third quarter, which is at the highest level going back to 2008. Consistent with our relationship strategy, 63% of this issuance was to people that we have existing relationships with.
And credit quality continues to be strong as delinquencies and net losses continued to improve during the quarter. Reduced expense levels in the segment reflect the benefits of our network optimization, partially offset by investments we continue to make as we build out our specialist salesforce in this area.
On slide 13, Commercial Real Estate Services, where we operate the production, origination, and servicing of consumer real estate loans. In our supplemental information we report the two separate components of this segment, one focused on loan origination and the other focused on servicing and legacy issues.
On originations this quarter, first mortgage retail originations were $22.6 billion, which was down 11% from the prior quarter and up 11% compared with originations in the year-ago period. We believe that the current-period decline in production is less than our industry peers, as we have been working through our existing pipeline.
Our current pipeline at the end of the third quarter is, however, down approximately 60% compared to the end of the second quarter of 2013, which reflects the significant reduction in market demand, particularly in the refinancing space. Since our production revenue is booked at the point in which you lock a loan, as opposed to funding, I should point out that our lock volume was down 23% from the second quarter of 2013.
In addition to those lower lock volumes, we saw a gain on sale margins decline compared to the second quarter of 2013. Our reduction was about 60 basis points during the quarter.
As a result of all these factors, core production revenue was down 46% to $465 million from the second quarter of 2013.
From a staffing point of view, just on the origination side, as we saw demand slow we reduced headcount by more than 1,000 employees toward the end of the quarter. We will continue to reduce these staffing levels, to be consistent with the lower volumes that we have seen.
The other primary component in this segment, servicing revenue, declined approximately $100 million versus the second quarter as our servicing portfolio declined as we continued to complete certain servicing transfers.
The other item that I want to highlight on this slide that is particularly important is the servicing costs that we see within the Legacy Assets and Servicing area. We have spoken a lot about reducing the number of 60-plus-day delinquencies in this portfolio, and we had a lot of success during the quarter as the number of 60-plus-day delinquent loans dropped below 400,000 units at the end of September, nearly 100,000 lower than what we had at the end of June.
Roughly half of the decline was driven by the transfers of servicing that I referenced in conjunction with the MSR sales agreements that we announced in the first quarter of 2013. Once again, as a result of this work we continue to believe that our LAS expenses, ex-litigation, will be below $2 billion during the fourth quarter of 2013.
On slide 14, our Global Wealth and Investment Management area had another strong quarter, generating solid earnings and solid returns. Within this segment, both Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust maintained their leadership positions with a total of $2.3 trillion of client balances.
Revenue remains near record highs at $4.4 billion, up 8% over the third quarter of 2012. Relative to the third quarter of 2012, net income improved 26% and was the third consecutive quarter in which our pretax margin was above 25%.
Asset management fees achieved a new record during the quarter, while our brokerage income did decline from the second quarter due to reduced market activity.
Client engagement remains quite strong. Long-term AUM flows were $10.3 billion, near doubling last year's production. Ending deposits were up $6.5 billion or roughly 3% from the prior quarter; and our ending client loan balances of $117.2 billion reached record levels and are up 2% from the second quarter of 2013 and 11% over the third quarter of a year ago as we continue to provide more banking products to both our Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust clients.
On slide 15, you can see Global Banking earnings were stable relative to the year-ago period. Revenue compared to a year ago includes the benefit of strong loan growth and stable investment banking fees.
Expenses this quarter include very good cost controls offset slightly by elevated litigation expense. Global fee pools did decline, but we maintained our strong second-place ranking of global net investment banking fees, recording $1.3 billion of fees and improving our market share to 7.7%.
In addition, if you look at it fees within the Americas, we ranked number 1 with an 11% market share. During 2013, we have advised on 7 of the top 15 announced M&A deals.
As we head into the last quarter of the year, the pipeline looks quite strong. But I do want to highlight that during the fourth quarter of last year we did see record levels of debt issuance during that period.
If we look at the balance sheet, average loans increased $4.4 billion from the second quarter, with more than half of that growth driven by commercial real estate lending, with the balance by C&I lending, particularly with our large corporate clients. Average deposits increased $12.2 billion from the second quarter of 2013, above our expectations, given certain timing considerations as well as customer liquidity that has been built around fiscal cliff concerns.
If we move to slide 16, Global Markets, we earned $531 million during the quarter after excluding the $1.1 billion UK tax charge as well as DVA losses of $291 million. On a comparable basis, this is a decrease of $341 million compared to the third quarter of 2012 and down $403 million from the second quarter of 2013 due to lower sales and trading revenue as well as higher expense from litigation.
Sales and trading revenue, ex-DVA, was $3 billion during the quarter, an 8% declined from the comparable year-ago period. FICC sales and trading revenue was down 20% versus the year-ago period, once again impacted by concerns regarding the Fed's position on its stimulus program as well as political uncertainty both domestically and abroad.
Our equity sales and trading area had another very strong quarter with revenues, ex-DVA, up 36% over the year-ago period as we experienced higher market volumes and continued to benefit from the repositioning of this business that has happened over the last 18 months. We are gaining market share and we are improving our performance in each of the product lines.
Expenses in the quarter compared to the third quarter of 2012 included higher litigation costs that were partially offset by a reduction in operating expenses. Average trading-related assets were down 4% from the year-ago period while our VaR was effectively flat.
On slide 17, we show you the results of All Other. Gains on the sale of debt securities were $347 million in the third quarter, down $105 million from the second quarter of 2013. You can also see the breakout of $1.1 billion of equity investment income, which reflects the CCB gains I mentioned earlier as well as an additional $368 million of gains.
The FVO that I mentioned earlier is also recorded in this segment. Expenses include roughly $350 million during this quarter for litigation. That compares to $100 million in the second quarter of 2013 and $950 million in the third quarter of 2012.
As we close on All Other, I would note that the effective tax rate for the quarter, ex-the impact of the UK tax reduction charge, was 25%. And as we look forward to the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect the effective rate to be in the high 20%s.
Before we take questions I would like to leave you with several thoughts about our results. Capital and liquidity both strengthened during the quarter. We had encouraging business results as we saw improvement in both activity and profitability within Consumer and Business Banking.
We saw continued strength in Global Wealth Management. We maintained our top position in Investment Banking and had another quarter of strong growth in our equity sales and trading business.
Credit continued to improve. Our cost initiative work remains on track. And to the extent that the steepened yield curve environment stays with us, it should allow us to move NII upward as we move forward.
We will continue to execute on our strategy and continue to deliver on the earnings power of the Company. With that we will go ahead and open it up for questions.