Answer_1:

    A couple of things. One is if you parse expenses, Betsy, into three basic buckets, the litigation expense bucket, which you are seeing come down to more reasonable levels and then there is a cost of that litigation, the external legal fees and stuff, which we will continue to see lift in which is in the expense numbers. Then you have a second bucket, LAS, we are at the $1 billion level and as Bruce said, we expect to get that down to $800 million and keep moving that to lower numbers over into 2016.
And then you get into the baseline and I think the thought on the baseline is even as we reduce the headcount we continue to reinvest in sales capacity. So just in our consumer business, headcount down year-over-year but we have 1000 more salespeople roughly out there selling. And then so the idea is to continue to drive salespeople into the businesses at the same time we are taking out wealth management, etc.
So when you think about the broad expense base, there is adjustments always in first quarter, second quarter just because of revenue and stuff in terms of the aggregate amount but we will continue to pare away. You can look linked -- year-over-year quarters over the last four years, we have continued to chip away. This year it was 300 on the core base. We will continue to work at that but I would say that a lot of it we are trying to make sure that we create the investment rate, continue to grow the franchise  size. This is a matter of holding these expenses relatively flat as revenues start to pick up with the expected increase in rates and the economy continue to grow. If that changed we would have to go aggressively and push down the core also.

Answer_2:

    We manage it every day.

Answer_3:

    We manage it every day and you can see the headcount is a leading indicator because that headcount reduction in the quarter really benefits us in the second quarter.

Answer_4:

    On the first question, John Thiel, who runs Merrill Lynch for us, where largely we are affected by the discussion on fiduciary standards because remember U.S. Trust is actually a private bank and operates under the fiduciary standard in most of its activity. So John Thiel does the lead in our business, does a great job for us, has been clear. We believe that doing what is in the best interests for your customers is absolutely the right thing to do. And while this rule has just come out yesterday afternoon and frankly, Betsy, to get prepared for your questions this morning, I haven't spent a lot of time examining it in detail. But from a basic standpoint, we have been clear that we see the industry moving and we expect to help move it there.
On the robo-advisor I think that the clear segment match for us in that area in terms of what Schwab and other people are talking about is really in the Merrill Lynch business, which is below the Merrill Lynch cut off, for lack of a better term. So John and his team drive people $250,000 in investable assets free to invest, which is net worth $0.5 million/$1 million in [uprating] of the client. And then Dean Athanasia and his preferred team drive the business below that and if you look in our information, you will see that that business has got about $118 billion of brokerage assets. It is growing faster than the industry year-over-year. I think the assets are up 18%. The numbers of accounts are up, the sales levels are up and so that's really the automated rebalancing portfolios and stuff like that and we are driving that through as a core execution.
And by the way, they also refer tens of thousands of customers a year up to Merrill Lynch at the same time, so we are trying to have the best of both worlds.

Answer_5:

    I think what we wanted to disclose, Matt, is that I think that we are coming out of the disclosure that we had in the K, there were a lot of questions and you are absolutely right that what we disclosed today was the requested amount from our banking regulators to exit parallel run. That was the ask on their behalf. Discussions continue but we did want to put out there what the ask was.

Answer_6:

    I think that those things are always hard to predict but we are obviously working hard to get through it over the next quarter or so.

Answer_7:

    You ask a very good question, which is that to the extent that there is an adjustment in the RWA, you obviously as you look to refine and improve your models, always have the ability to work hard to get that back. But there's obviously a lot of scrutiny with respect to models. But your point is spot on is that there would be the opportunity as we work through and look to refine, improve and become better with our models, to get some of that back over time.

Answer_8:

    And Matt, in a broader context, we have flipped the binding constraint in our Company to some degree with a move to advanced and so therefore, continue to look at the balance sheet what mix of businesses and how you approach the businesses changes again because standardize was a constraint we were focused on and was our binding constraint and now it's going to flip to advanced, as you can see in the numbers. And that then just -- expect us to be as aggressive and in depth at thinking through how we mix the businesses right to make sure that we are focused on that constraint now that it has become a binding one.

Answer_9:

    There was some servicing of loans that was moved as well as the outright sale of some nonperforming loans, so there was some inorganic activity but as you look at those reductions, it was very strong from both organic as well as inorganic. And I would say the other thing that we are seeing, Paul, is just less new delinquencies coming in than what we would've expected. So you've got the benefit of less coming in, you've got the benefit of working through some of what you have and then we are supplementing that with moving additional out.

Answer_10:

    We have been using it as an advantage. If you go back and look at the results, Paul, I think we were one of the first out there that started to move those loans in the first half of 2014. We have been aggressively doing that both to take the risk of the loans off as well as to move the servicing. And I think if you look at the impact of that and how it flows through different things, you really get a good sense for it when you look at some of the CCAR results where the loss content that we have, particularly within both first mortgages as well as home equity, has come down. So we have been at that for some time at this point.

Answer_11:

    And Paul, I think overall remember as you get further and further removed from the crisis, what is left over even though at the time when we set up LAS or set up some of these non-core portfolios would have been a product or service you didn't want to continue. Seven years later, you are seeing the customers are left over and paid and so there's a good bit but also we want to make sure we measure the economics of the portfolios. Now that they are much smaller, the risk is way down and so we judge that really on the basis of who the customer is and whether we want to roll them into core loans in our Company and then also what the economics of the outside are.
So I wouldn't expect us to change our course there. We will just look at the opportunities we have to keep moving in the right direction. On both servicing and assets we own too because remember, Paul, there's also the servicing side of this even though we don't own the asset, the is a strong bid. Even the agencies are moving to move some portfolios.

Answer_12:

    No, your point is exactly right, which is that as we talked about last quarter that the op risk relative to the total advanced RWA was upwards of 30%. That's obviously higher than our peers. It is something that we are working hard on to be able to drive down. And to your point, the question is when are you able to get benefit from a declining litigation trend as we wrap up the legacy matters and that does take some time. Obviously the last two quarters from a litigation perspective have been much lighter than what we experienced going back several years. So it is up to us to continue to work that and to look to convince people that the level op risk capital should come down given the resolution of the matters.
And I would just highlight that we once again whether you look at Article 77, there was an Ocala litigation matter that was wrapped up as well as on the RMBS front with settlements that we got through this quarter were at roughly 99% of all threatened or filed litigation with respect to RMBS. So we continue to work through that and drive through that and ultimately the benefit from that should be lower op risk capital from an RWA perspective.

Answer_13:

    I think in all these cases clearly that we work closely with our supervisors on all model related activity and as you look to make changes that are to the good you obviously need to work through your regulators to get those put through.

Answer_14:

    As you think forward remember you saw a good capital build this quarter and we will continue to build. But remember that if we keep on the course of earnings that we expect -- and the issue wasn't CCAR last year when we went to the ask. You have to remember we came off a really low nominal earnings environment and so we retain a lot of capital between now and the next time we can ask to actually change the capital position of the Company and we have a big cushion.
So we will close this gap relatively quickly and then we have a longer-term question of what you are saying which is as op risk runs off, how do you get that reflected ultimately in your capital requirements and the same with the models and the other [side].

Answer_15:

    I am always hesitant to comment on results given that we are nine days into a new quarter but I think if you look at what we saw from both I would say both a sales and trading as well as an overall investment banking fee perspective, the January on the margin was a little bit slower than what we would've expected and we saw activity and momentum build up throughout the quarter to where if you had to grade which of the three months of the quarter did you feel best about, it was clearly March. And like I said, we are only nine trading days into the new quarter but we have not seen anything change directionally. Some of the activity that we saw in March, we have continued to see in April.

Answer_16:

    As I think you read the response in the proxy, Glenn, you will see this is a core Board duty and they do look at it periodically and think about the optimal company structure, capital structure. So the idea to have a special element around it is really the whole Board looks at it and that is who should look at it. So then the technical terms of what the request is are a little hard to understand when you think about how a company really operates. But we do look at the question of do we have the optimal business mix? Is it optimal for shareholders? And the Board will look at it continuously and we will continue to look at it.

Answer_17:

    A couple of things, Glenn. The first is that in many respects we were at 3.5/3.6 at the end of the year and we went to 4.5/4.6 this quarter. Keep in mind that a chunk of what you see as far as becoming more asset sensitive is just the FAS 91 that we lost during the quarter. So I'd keep that in mind.
And to your point you are exactly right. If you looked at where we were at year end, I think we were just over in the 2.1 to 2.2 benefit from short rates moving and that has not changed materially. So to your point, the asset sensitivity is based almost solely on long-term rates and given the deltas that we saw change from the end of the year to the end of the first quarter.

Answer_18:

    It is something we have spend a lot of time on, John. When we got to the end of the first quarter we looked at and said during the balance of 2015 what is the impact that we would see if in effect we rolled a spot throughout 2015, which just means that you don't get the benefit of the curve as we go through. And if you look at that, it is roughly a couple hundred million dollars a quarter relative to $10 billion of NII.
So we think that we've done between the debt footprint, deposits and if you actually look at the clean yields during the quarter Q4 to Q1 that we've done a pretty good job of managing this exposure in what has been a tough environment. But to your question, there is probably a couple hundred million dollars a quarter in risk if you roll the spot.

Answer_19:

    It would be about $200 million per quarter over the next three quarters.

Answer_20:

    That's correct.

Answer_21:

    Yes, and continuing to shorten the balance sheet every time we get a chance to.

Answer_22:

    A couple of things on that. I would say we continue to see, John, if you look at within the consumer space and overall consumer credit that the first quarter typically all of the things being equal is the toughest consumer quarter in the first quarter. So I think there's probably a little bit of room there if we continue to see what we see in the economy on the consumer side.
The tougher piece of it is probably to judge commercial because outside of what we see in the small business lending, there really haven't been many charge offs and we will just have to see how long that benign environment covers.
On the reserve release for the quarter, the one thing I want to make sure that we point out that while we release 400 plus of reserves, 200 of that was from the DOJ where with the mailings you had both charge-offs and reserve release, so as it relates to just from a -- as you look at the provision perspective, realize that which impacted the provisions is more like 200.

Answer_23:

    Yes. And I think we have said that we clearly expect reserve releases to moderate, so we will have to see as we roll into the quarters. But I think you are directionally right on your charge-off number and we will see if there's anything left in the reserve releases as we go through the second and third quarters.

Answer_24:

    Yes, I think you need to go down to and we lay it out in the footnote but if you start up in the new claim trends, if you recall there is a case going through where the statute of limitations on rep and warrant claims in the ACE case was found -- the statute was six years and if you look at the claims that you see up in the new claim trends, you can see virtually all of those claims were in the pre-2005 through 2006 area. So absent any tolling, a good chunk of those are going to be time barred.
The other part that -- the other point that I would mention is if you go down to the footnote you can see that the vast majority of these claims were put in with no file work done on whatsoever or no individual loan work that was done.
So I think there continues to be obviously activity on that front but there is not a lot of work being done as those claims are being filed.

Answer_25:

    Yes, I think you're absolutely right that we got the bucket filled up this quarter. I think the only thing that is out there is depending on exactly where we come out from an overall RWA perspective as we exit parallel run. That beyond 2015, could there be a couple billion dollars more preferred sometime during 2016? That's a possibility but you are absolutely right that based on where we are from an RWA perspective, the bucket is filled up, so we don't see much if any at all in 2015. Maybe a little bit in 2016 but not much.

Answer_26:

    Yes, there is an open question out there that you are absolutely right that for the different CCAR submissions that went in in 2015, that those submissions are against the standard ratios. And as an industry, we just don't know the answer if we will test under just standardized in CCAR 2016 or if advanced will be brought in. That is an open question that is out there for the industry.

Answer_27:

    I think if you look at the numbers you can see the difference that we have within our numbers. As to advanced, I think the open question that is out there as you look at moving to advanced in a CCAR scenario is that under advanced you hold capital for op risk and then that there's the open question if you go to stress test under advanced, what do you do with respect to CCAR in those op risk litigation type items? And like I said, that is an open question for the industry.

Answer_28:

    There is no question that there is a procyclical aspect of it that intuitively I think you are right but it is just until you understand exactly the completeness and the entire picture of what you are looking at, I just don't want to speculate.

Answer_29:

    From a high-level that team has continued to invest and grow and there is a couple of things driving that. One is they are adding more core advisors. So in the last 12 months I think we added 120 experienced advisors and we added almost 900 total. So there's a carry cost to bring those up but that is good for the future.
The second thing is there's a little bit of a business mix issue which is that the investment management side of the business continues to grow but we have seen weakness in the brokerage transactional side just as the business gets repositioned in that sort of year-over-year is enough to hit you.
And then third, frankly, is that the NII that Bruce pointed out earlier, just the way we allocate and we won't let businesses take an excuse for intercompany allocations but the way we allocate year-over-year, a big chunk of the NII loss is just due to the way we allocate out the impact on the market and less NII.

Answer_30:

    I think as Bruce talked about earlier, if you think about a couple of broad things. One is, as we continue to drive to be the core checking account for households, we are seeing higher sales. We are seeing higher primary sales but with that comes less fees in the sense but the average balances are higher. And so what you're seeing is a flattening of the fees charged on accounts, overdraft and other fees while you see an increase in the consumer balances, which in this environment are worth something but will be worth a lot more as rates rise because these are core checking account.
So there is some elements of how the business has been shifted based on our priority of making sure that we just don't have a lot of checking accounts, we have a lot of core checking accounts and that has caused it. So you are seeing a far faster growth and balances and actually a slight decline in total checking accounts out there.
When you put debit fees and other fees plus the interest rates together, which is core checking revenue, it's actually a little better picture. But that is kind of the story there.
On the credit card fees, it is basically we have absorbed most of the compression on the interchange at this point in the rebates we give. So really year-over-year you have a bit of loss there because we added a divestiture of a big Affinity program, two big Affinity programs that hurt us and you should expect to see that a little bit more in line with our spending growth going forward, which has been about 3%, 4%.

Answer_31:

    I think a couple of things. So the shift to the discretionary portfolio, you probably have about $5 billion of that in each of the second quarter and the third quarter of this year and at that point that work is done. I would say as you look at just discretionary mortgage balances and what you are seeing from a payments for the old stuff that was put within the investment portfolio, you are probably looking at before what the new is that we put on within the business that you are in the $10 billion to $14 billion type run off in each of the next couple of quarters. Realize all of that net interest income doesn't go away because there is reinvestment of that and there is new loans coming in but you do have probably two more quarters where we will move stuff into securities and obviously there does continue to be a run-off of that portfolio as well.

Answer_32:

    The RMBS piece I quoted, there were both amounts in litigation for things that were settled as well as accruals during the quarter. And once again, Eric, I would go back to that from an RMBS perspective at this point we are 98% or 99% of threatened or filed claims on original UPB that we're through, so that's where we are with the RMBS.
With respect to the FX piece, I think if you go back and look at where we said that we were in October, that we resolved the matter with the OCC, the top up that we saw in the quarter related to FX with respect to other banking regulators and there was also the resolution and we are working through the final documentation of the civil piece of the overall FX work. And that is all included within the litigation reserve during the quarter.

Answer_33:

    No, the civil piece with respect to a class-action type matter, not the DOJ.

Answer_34:

    That is correct.

Answer_35:

    So, Mike, as we said, our goal is to continue to drive towards the 1% return on assets and depending on where we end up with capital between 7.5% and 8% tangible common equity ratio, that would translate into a 13 down to 12 return on tangible common equity. In this quarter we moved to up to where we have a return on tangible common equity is 8% and so -- and our return on assets was 64 basis points, so we are sort of two-thirds of the way to that goal.

Answer_36:

    I think if you adjust our earnings this quarter for a couple of things, the FAS 123, the FAS 91 and then continue to think of LAS normalizing, you see us get close to that goal and that should happen between now and the end of 2016 because we just keep chunking away at LAS as we have described.

Answer_37:

    I think the way you asked that, we basically have to give you our earnings estimates for 2015 and we just don't do that. But our targets long-term we told you each time you asked is the same, 1% return on assets and a 12%, 13% return on tangible common equity based on where we think our tangible common equity ratio will settle out.

Answer_38:

    We made $4 billion in change last year against the expectation by you and your colleagues of $15 billion. So clearly we didn't meet the financial targets due to the litigation we took last year.

Answer_39:

    The insights we have when you look at the returns on page two or three of the material show that the core businesses return is above our cost of capital and that the mix between them and the revenue synergies and the diversity we get have been there.
But let's back up. What a lot of people are looking at here, Mike, is can you simplify your company to make it tighter? We started that in 2010 with about $2.4 trillion in assets. We are down to $2.1 trillion. We started with about $70 billion in capital or $80 billion in capital. We are up to $140 billion. And we started by getting rid of 60 operating businesses and so we have done a lot of simplification.
So what is really left and this is one of the reasons why our market business is more constrained in its growth prospects potentially than some other people's is because we keep it to about one-third of the franchise in terms of size. And that market business is really focused on driving the value of our issuer side customers going to market and then with our investor side customers providing sources of capital for that. So it's a very synergistic basis.
So we will continue to try to provide insight but if you look at it, the businesses return above their cost of capital and then if we put them out there the question would be what we would look like after and we would have capital we can't deploy and we would have less earnings power.

Answer_40:

    I think number one in terms of we received approval for what we had asked for which is a nickel a share of dividend and $4 billion of stock buyback in the CCAR. And we had to be conservative in that ask, leaving aside the modeling and other questions -- but this had to be conservative in base ask because if you think about it, our run rate of earnings was such that we were coming off a $4 billion plus earnings quarter. We had to keep our head on in terms of how we were accumulating capital and make sure we earned the capital before we paid it out.
The second thing is that the $22 billion cushion shows that based on all the works at CCAR we have a strong cushion going forward. So the key for us to be able to increase the dividend and continue to push forward is to get that normalized earnings stream in a couple of quarters, $3 billion plus in earnings we are getting.
Long-term we have said many times our ultimate goal is to take about 30% of our recurring earnings and pay it out in dividends and then to use the rest for capital management. At this price we would be buying stock back and if there's a different scenario where our multiple to book and earnings multiples are higher we might pay additional dividends but the goal would be about a 30% payout ratio of recurring earnings as we get there.

Answer_41:

    Nancy, what you asked is really the core question, which is if you look a few years ago we put core capital Global Markets out as a separate reported segment to ensure that people saw that that was a less volatile earnings stream than people perceived and it was not the earnings stream of the Global Banking segment, high investment banking which you can see the fees move up or down and were relatively stable in clearly the loan book and the treasury services. So we tried to sort the businesses so people can see what we are doing with Global Markets.
Based on our capital and based on our view of how the franchise fits together, we keep that business to about one-third of our total size. So this total balance sheet deployed is under $600 billion and has been for years. That then requires Tom and the team to make a series of choices how they deploy that based on our appetite for risk expressed by VaR, our appetite for size expressed by the $600 billion, which other people have far bigger balance sheets deployed in the business. And that then does limit their ability to take risk and do certain things.
So there is a mix issue based on this quarter. In other quarters we have performed better relatively and that is this issue. But from a core standpoint, it's not an existential question at all. It's an actual determination we made to have our SIFI buffer lower, to have our overall risk lower to man demand the company, which is really customer focused on the core banking middle markets, franchise and the core investor, it would still be big enough to be a very impactful, number one research house in the world and have $3.5 billion, $4 billion of revenue in a given quarter. We had to basically optimize around size, capital, the capital deployed in the business and then the risk we were willing to put in the P&L and that's where we ended up and that's resulted in us having 100 basis points less SIFI buffer requirement than other people.
And we think that's balanced because with our book of business if we increased that, we've got to carry that 100 basis points across the whole franchise, not just the markets business and that extra capital in our balance would really increase the capital requirements that is really not needed for our core banking business.

Answer_42:

    No. We are always -- never happy because we always wanted to do better. But on the other hand, it is fair to say that we are not unsatisfied when we make almost $1 billion after tax in the quarter where they had a couple of big elements. This mix in the macro businesses, which we are positioned in on purpose. And then secondly, remember a core part of our business we are still adjusting to which was the leverage finance transaction business, which you can look at is down dramatically year-over-year as we adopted the guidance and what was acquired. That is through the numbers now and then we will build back based on that business doing it the way that meets the regulatory standards.
So happy -- we are never happy with any business. We are always pushing them to do better but given the constraints, there is an understanding I would say more than happiness of where we ended up.

Answer_43:

    I think at this point we have walked through and as we said on the last call that we are at the level that we need to be from an overall op risk perspective. And to your point, if we look at the last two quarters relative to when that op risk capital was set, we have seen fairly sizable declines in overall litigation expense. So you obviously work through that but our belief over time is that number should be less, not more but we need to deliver that to the shareholder.

Answer_44:

    . Just as we said, there's a bid ask on the RWA related to commercial credit factors and models. There was a bid ask an operating risk. We closed that out and we have actually moved our RWAs to a number of those asks. And then from then you just look at it very simply, think about the last four quarters versus last year just picking up the third and fourth quarter, you have a complete change in the amount of litigation expense that is gone through the enterprise and you will see that keep rolling through. It will take a while for that to average out but basically assume that we've agreed to an amount which was requested to bring our op risk and we put that through last quarter.

Answer_45:

    Yes, we have had some retirements of people worked in the business for 25 years, Henry and the team and it's just the ebb and flow of business. I don't think there's any major issues going on there. I think that  not this past fall but the fall before.
So I think you should not read anything into that other than the usual ebb and flow of people deciding to do other things.

Answer_46:

    The average deal last year I think was -- for the highest end producing FAs, which there were 100 of, 120 of, the average deal was like 1.27 times trailing 12 or something like that, or slightly less than that. Don't hold me to those exact numbers but think of it conceptually. So the rumors about these payouts are probably far in excess. The reality is only 120 people or so. So take whatever number. So let's broaden out the productivity question. The productivity per advisor in our business is extremely strong and has sort of structurally been strong for many years and continues to increase.
You wouldn't mind diluting that to get faster long-term growth prospects for the business and broaden out the business and that is what John and the team are doing. Whether it goes down or not is really going to be a factor. How fast the revenue stream grows -- it has been outgrowing that impact of investing in the lower-end business but we aren't -- I wouldn't say it is going to go down or up based on the added younger advisors but let's flip that and say that the way we think this business has to drive for our competitive advantage as a franchise is the linkage from preferred to Merrill Lynch Wealth Management and the interaction between the financial services centers and the people that come in there and the tens of thousands of people that get referred to Merrill is a competitive advantage for Merrill. And we will continue to drive that and part of that connectivity is we are now putting Merrill team-based brokers in the branches to work with clients and ultimately move physically onto the teams in the offices.
So we've got a lot of programs going. They seem to be working very well. It could dilute the productivity a little bit but it would be immaterial because of the strength of the core franchise is so strong.

Answer_47:

    Most all of that given that the number I quoted was within the commercial bank, that's almost exclusively outside of the energy space so it has nothing to do with anything distressed. It is just core commercial clients drawing more. Those numbers bottomed out in the low 30s and they are now up in the high 30s.

Answer_48:

    Think of that, when we say commercial, that is middle-market, general middle-market for us. Not the corporate bank where the energy exposure would be. So it is back to basically where it was not the highest point because it ran up right before the crisis but if you look back, it is higher than it was in say 2004 and 2005 at this point, or right on it. So you're starting to see a normalization of that borrowing, which is good news because that means that people are borrowing the money to do something.

Answer_49:

    I think the first thing as you look at that, you have to consider as we went through with the different regulatory metrics we needed to get to that the last metric that we needed to solve for and we wanted to get behind us was the satisfaction of where we needed to be from an LCR perspective in 2017 at both the bank level as well as the parent. And we are to the point where we've gotten to that point, so from an overall liquidity HQLA perspective, we feel very good about that progress.
As you look at on a go-forward basis, obviously the big focus and the reason as a company that we are looking to drive the loan growth that we have is to basically take the excess deposits today that are within the investment portfolio and release them from the investment portfolio into core loan activity to do more with our clients.
So as you look at the changes and mix in the balance sheet as far as the build that you've seen with cash, I think we are at the point where from an overall balance and where we need to be with the different metrics, that we have satisfied that at this point and it will be more of a normal course on a go-forward basis.

Answer_50:

    I think generally thematically if you think about, as we see roles come up we try to get in full compliance as fast as possible even though there is delay dates and then you can then work back on how to continuously improve the way you get there. But the first thing you've got to do is get over the hump because it affects every other aspect of the franchise. And so I think the LCR is another case that we got over the hump. 2017 is two years away still and we are in compliance and then the idea is that you keep -- to figure out how to work the dials to make it more and more shareholder friendly over time. But the first thing you want to do is show you can do it.

Answer_51:

    I think that was the last question. Thanks for joining today and we will talk to you next quarter.

