
Hello and welcome to our Q2 2016 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.
The following discussion and the responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today July 28, 2016, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on form 10K and subsequent filings.
As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.
Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2015. Now I will turn the call over to Brian.

Thanks, Darin. I'll begin with comments on our second-quarter financial results.
Trailing 12-month operating cash flow increased 42% to $12.7 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased to $7.3 billion, up from $4.4 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow, less lease principal repayments, increased to $3.9 billion, up from $2.4 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow, less financed lease principal repayments and assets acquired under capital leases, increased to $2.5 billion, up from an outflow of $492 million.
Worldwide revenue increased 31% to $30.4 billion or 30% excluding the $166 million favorable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange. Worldwide paid unit growth was 28%. Worldwide seller units represented 49% of paid units.
Now I will talk about our segment results. North America revenue grew 28% to $17.7 billion. North America operating income was $702 million, a 4% operating margin, compared with $348 million in the prior year. This includes $5 million of favorable impact from foreign exchange.
International revenue grew 30% to $9.8 billion. Excluding the $184 million year-over-year favorable foreign exchange impact, revenue growth was 28%. International operating loss was $135 million, compared with a loss of $189 million in the prior year. This includes $40 million of favorable impact from foreign exchange.
Amazon Web Services revenue grew 58% to $2.9 billion. Amazon Web Services operating income was $718 million, a 24.9% operating margin, compared with $305 million in the prior year. Our operating income was $1.3 billion, or 4.2% of revenue, up approximately 220 basis points year over year. This includes $45 million of favorable impact from foreign exchange. Net income was $857 million, or $1.78 per diluted share, compared with the net income of $92 million, or $0.19 per diluted share.
I'll conclude my portion of today's call with guidance. For Q3 2016, we expect net sales of between $31 billion and $33.5 billion, or growth of between 22% and 32%. This guidance anticipates approximately 30 basis points of favorable impact from foreign exchange rates. Operating income to be between $50 million and $650 million, compared with $406 million in third quarter 2015.
We are grateful to our customers and remain heads-down focused on driving a better customer experience. We believe putting customers first is the only reliable way to create lasting value for shareholders. Thanks, and with that I will hand it back to Darin.
Thank you, Brian. Before we move to questions I need to remind you that our guidance incorporates the order trend that we've seen to date, and what we believe to be appropriate assumptions.
Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer spending, world events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce and cloud services and the various factors detailed in our filings with the SEC.
Our guidance also assumes that we do not conclude any additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings or legal settlements and that foreign exchange rates remain approximately where they have been recently. It is not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services, and therefore, our actual results could differ materially from our guidance.
With that let's move to the Q&A portion of the call. Operator, please remind our listeners how to initiate a question.