Answer_1:

    I do not recall if we've actually given a 90 period before. I do not believe that we have. In terms of beyond that, there's not a -- that I can add to that. We are very excited. Prime is growing very fast. I am very excited for the service that we offer customers both in terms of physical and digital goods. So it is exciting and that is why we put it in there today in the release.

Answer_2:

    In terms of the first question, certainly we have been launched devices in the US earlier in terms of content, both, you are really referring to mostly eBook content. And both are growing very fast. The base is different, as you mentioned. We have a higher base in the US just based on when we launched. So you're absolutely right. You do see that difference in the media line between North America and international. And so it is just again, both are growing very nicely right now in terms of digital Kindle books. In this case as you referenced, but it is just a different base. And so we're excited about the opportunity that we have in both segments there. But we are further ahead right now in North America. And then, I am sorry, can you repeat the second part of your question again?

Answer_3:

    In terms of Prime customers, we have seen not only a very strong increase in Prime membership but we have seen a very good retention of Prime members. And so certainly, when you look at that, in terms of lifetime value, we have a customer base that is certainly staying with us longer. They are doing more cross shopping and they are getting the benefits of Prime that we are offering that we continue to add to. And then we still have a very good customer base that is non-Prime. You mentioned that the threshold changed. We did change. We have different thresholds in various geographies around the world for super saver, shipped with our super saver delivery in those geographies.
And in the case of the US, we have had the $25 threshold for over 10 years and we changed it to $35. And during this time frame, we have certainly increased our selection that is eligible for that by millions of items. And certainly as you would know, during this rather lengthy time frame, transportation costs and fuel prices have changed significantly over that time period. So we had to change it. So we just thought that was the right thing to do.

Answer_4:

    Sure. In terms of our growth in EGM, you highlighted a couple of categories that are growing very nicely that we mentioned last quarter as well. What you are seeing there, and actually the growth is very broad. We have added a lot of unique selections in both our hard lines and soft lines, categories including consumables and apparel, as you mentioned. The experience has gotten better on the site. Unique selection has increased dramatically over the past few years. So just a number of things are coming together in those categories so when I look at it, it just seems very broad, which we like. And there is just a lot of new selection with great category expansion too over the last several years. That is really what you are seeing there.
In terms of Kiva, we have launched in a few FCs. We think it is an interesting opportunity. I think as I mentioned, last quarter at this time we're ahead of the schedule that we had set forth at the time, that we joined with Kiva and we are excited what we see. Certainly, we will still be adding associates. Certainly over time in those FCs but this certainly will be productivity with Kiva. And we will have to stay tuned to see what that looks like but we are certainly excited about that opportunity and the roll out.

Answer_5:

    Sure. Keep in mind, when the -- as you mentioned, we are investing very heavily in the business. We think that is the right thing to do. We have a lot of good long-term opportunities which is why we are doing it. It is depressing ROIC. Just keep in mind from a pure metric standpoint, just as a reminder, the way we measure ROIC is free cash flow divided by average investor capital so total assets minus current liabilities. That is over a five point average and so when you do that first in the numerator, we do have, keep in mind, it's about $1.4 billion in our free cash flow number that relates to the purchase. It goes back to Q4 last year but it's in our TTM free cash flow that relates to the purchase of our campus here in Seattle and some nearby land, so it's $4.4 billion of that. So that is bringing the free cash flow down.
Also keep in mind in the invested capital, we do include cash and marketable securities which is certainly the largest piece of our invested capital. We think that is the right thing to do until we either deploy that capital or return it in some way. Just keep in mind that is included in the metric. In terms of Prime Instant Video, we are getting great usage from a broad set of customers on Kindle as well as other devices, and the adoption is going very well. I apologize. I can't share any specific metrics today but we like what we see. It certainly -- we think it is certainly helping the Prime numbers, you know, the Prime membership increases that you're seeing. It is -- we think it is interesting and we are investing there. We included in both our Q3 results as well as the Q4 guidance, our assumptions around additional content that we'll be acquiring including original content. So I am very excited about that opportunity.

Answer_6:

    In terms of the seasonal employees, unfortunately there is not a lot I can add to that. We are getting ready for an exciting holiday season. And that includes making sure that we have the right amount of employees as well as seasonal help during that period. It also includes making sure that we have the right capacity in place, making sure we have -- we have added a lot of selection over the past couple of years and particularly over the last 12 months in making sure that we have good in-stock levels related to that selection. We are making sure that we have people to help us with not only serving customers with our retail inventory but also Fulfilled by Amazon has grown, certainly very strongly over the past year. And that impacts the capacity and the number of employees that you see there.
So that is really what you are seeing in that number. In terms of pricing, we operate in a very competitive arena. That is not something that is new. That is something that we have been doing since our inception. We have many, many different competitors. You will pass those competitors on your way to work and on your way home. They are offline, they are offline. It's a very competitive marketplace. It is something -- pricing is something that we worked very hard at over the years. We want to make sure that we have great values for our customers. And it is something that we spent a lot of time on and worked very hard to make sure that we can offer that to customers. So I would not say that it is anything new. It is something that we have been dealing with since our inception. But it is a very competitive environment.

Answer_7:

    In terms of China, it is very early there. There is certainly room for many winners. It's a very large segment. We have seen -- we have a good business there in terms of top line that is growing, and we continue to look for ways to make sure that we satisfy customer demand. We work on a lot of the same inputs that we work on in our other geographies to make sure that we have great prices, good selection, speed of delivery. We've worked very hard in terms of putting in a lot of capacity close to customers. So those are the things that we're working on to try to ensure our success there.
In terms of the visual competitors, we have a long-standing practice of not talking about other companies, but again, there is room for a lot of winners. In terms of video content, there's not a lot that I can add to that question. I apologize. But certainly we have been ramping up our content in the US on Amazon.com as part of Amazon Prime. It is something that we have been looking at very carefully. We like what we see so far. We think it is interesting but beyond that, I can't speculate what we might do or might not do in another location.

Answer_8:

    It is very, very early in LA, but we see so far we like. We are adding a lot of selection there on behalf of customers. It is a great opportunity for customers to get both a number of different items through AmazonFresh. So we are excited. We like the trials that we have done have been very good. The conversion has been good. We look forward to even improving the experience even more over time for customers but it is very early. We like what we see but you will have to stay tuned on that one.

Answer_9:

    Sorry?

Answer_10:

    Yes.

Answer_11:

    We though it was a company that is doing some interesting things about helping students and children learn math. We thought it was an interesting fit for us, and we look forward to exploring what opportunities we can do together there. And you'll have to stay tuned on that one but we think it is -- it's doing a very nice job and we are very excited to have them as part of the Amazon business.

Answer_12:

    Sure. In terms of Q3 specifically, Q3 just because of the, as I would call it the Q4 readiness, the seasonal readiness, you see this often in Q3 where both our total and our segment operating profit is lower than other quarters. That certainly is what you are seeing in Q3 in North America, so that is in terms of the investments we are making to get ready for the season. We talked about, you heard in Jeff's quote, the capacity that we are adding and certainly in multiple geographies but certainly in the North America is impacting that as well. You can see it in our fulfillment line item as a percentage of revenue being up. You can see it in our technical content. We are certainly investing. The other part too that I mentioned earlier is we are investing in video content for Prime in the US, and you see that certainly in this result as well.

Answer_13:

    Sure. In terms of fulfillment centers, the number is seven but it is a net number. And so included in that are several consolidations. We are building generally larger FCs and we are consolidating some of those. So that is a net seven. And so what that means is if you were to take that as a percentage of our total fulfillment centers, you would certainly get a number that is less than the square footage that we are actually adding. We are adding square footage that would be significantly higher than that. In terms of lockers, it is early. It is another way to get closer to customers to make it convenient for customers, and it is interesting. We have it in a few different geographies right now. It is limited. We do not have it probably across our full network. So that is something we are learning. It is an interesting experience. It is certainly something that over time we will continue to take a closer look at and certainly expand if it makes sense to do so on behalf of customers.

Answer_14:

    In terms of your second one, second question, there are fewer days. There is not a lot that we do different. We certainly see when that happens, there is some behavioral differences on behalf of customers just because of the shorter time period. We have certainly some more sizable days during that period. But there is not a lot to add to that. In terms of the transition for eBooks, in terms of our total growth across Amazon on both North America total or global total, it is not a significant or meaningful impact to the overall growth rate. And certainly this transition has been going on for some number of quarters now so there is not a lot I can help you with there.

Answer_15:

    Sure, I would look at it more from a turns perspective. And if you look at it more over an average turns basis, it has gone down and the reason is unique selection. We keep adding a growth and unique selection so it certainly has increased over the past year, in stock levels have gotten better. And so those are the things that are really driving it. In terms of endpoints for any particular quarter, they can be a little bit lumpy, but I would look to the turns.

Answer_16:

    In terms of speed of delivery, whether it be one day or same day, what has happened certainly over the past 10 plus years is we have added a lot of selection, we have added a lot of fulfillment centers. As a result of that, we have selection that is by default, increased in our selection that's closer and closer to customers. As a result of that, our speed of delivery has improved. And certainly for Prime customers, depending upon the geography in the case of the US, we have expressed two day shipping for free and then first of all fees so they get it faster than that. That is something that you have seen that improvement gradually over the past 10 plus years. You have seen it certainly getting even better the last few years as we have rapidly increased the number of fulfillment centers.
That is something that we think is important and we will continue to work on behalf of customers to give them those options and to make sure they get product when they want it. In terms of log in and pay, it is something that we think is interesting. Because of our large customer base and the credentials that we have and the secure payments that we have, we think it is an interesting opportunity. We think that there is -- it is certainly interesting ways to monetize that over time. But again, we think it is an interesting opportunity.

Answer_17:

    Sure. We have a few different models in India. And we -- from a -- we have a marketplace model which we offer Fulfilled by Amazon, which as you mentioned, certainly would be infrastructure is not as advanced as some geographies but we also we also view that as an opportunity. And we're happy to help sellers, we'll fulfill by Amazon. It is an interesting opportunity. It is very, very early. We are in investment mode there. It's a long-term opportunity but it is a very exciting opportunity. We are a very strong team that is working on that opportunity. So we're excited about it.

Answer_18:

    Sure. I will take the second one first. In terms of AWS, it is growing very, very strong. It is an area that is very early for us. It is growing very, very strong. We have a great team that is working on it, servicing customers, and we are very excited about the long-term opportunity. In terms of you mentioned the trends in North America, what you have see is there are really a nice steady acceleration of growth since Q4 last year. If you look back to Q4 last year, for North America specifically, and you just trace that back over the past four quarters, you see a really nice sequential increase from quarter to quarter. Again, that gets back to it went from 23% in Q4 last year to 26% to 30% and 31%. Those are the year-over-year increases in by quarter for North America revenue And so a lot of it is what we talked about earlier. It is focused on a lot of the retail basics as well as also improving seller performance as well. Those are things that are driving it.

Answer_19:

    In terms of North America growth, other than what I mentioned on the quarterly growth, Q3 was strong, 31% growth. Again, we see a nice steady increase over the past four quarters. That is overlapping a quarter from Q3 of last year that was 33%. So again, we like what we see from a growth perspective in Q3 for North America. In terms of total growth, giving a wide range for Q4 and that reflects our view for Q4 but we are excited about the quarter and about getting ready for customers during this heavy seasonal quarter. So we are excited about what we see there. In terms of LivingSocial, there is really not a lot that I can add to your question. I apologize. They are doing a good job in terms of local. We also have a local offering on Amazon. The team is very dedicated to make that work and it is an interesting area. We're learning but it is early.

Answer_20:

    I am not sure how to answer your question. The only part I would call out, you mentioned there is a number of different items that is in there. Certainly the largest and fastest growing largest area by far is AWS, and it is growing very nicely. That is certainly reflected in that line item.

Answer_21:

    Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our investor relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

