Answer_1:

    I can take the first one, Brian, on the time spent metric. We're pleased with the growth in time spent per DAU that we're seeing across the Facebook family of apps. And that includes the Facebook mobile app where we saw good year-over-year growth in time spent per DAU. There video is making a big contribution to time spent growth. We are not providing a specific stat on time spent growth on an ongoing basis.

Answer_2:

    We're also not providing a specific breakdown of the DAU growth in Instagram Stories. But we're really excited about the engagement with the product and how it's growing across the board.

Answer_3:

    On local, we think this is a really big opportunity and you see this in the large base of existing businesses using Facebook and Instagram increasingly. There's 60 million small business pages up on Facebook and 1.5 million Instagram business profiles, which are the similar -- the equivalent for Instagram. And the reason we think people are so active is, it's just really expensive and hard to have your own mobile site or your own, even, web page. 35% of small businesses in the United States, which is the most developed market, in many cases don't even have a web page of any kind. And it's cheaper and easier to build a web page than it is to build a mobile app and get distribution or downloads. So what's happening is that people are really using the Facebook business pages, and increasingly the Instagram business profiles, as their mobile presence. And we think that's what's working. And then we're working hard to build products that work in-store visits and then use simplified ad products that convert them over to advertising.

Answer_4:

    And Eric, it's Dave. Just really reiterating what I said last quarter about our expectations on ad load going into mid-2017. It's been one of the key factors in terms of driving growth, along with time spent -- user growth and time spent growth and advertiser demand. So we continue to see good opportunities to grow time spent, continue to see good opportunities to grow users, and we continue to see good opportunities to grow advertiser demand. On that latter point, really the mix of ad units is part of what we're doing, I think, really well. We're developing a number of new ad products as well as enhancing the ad products that we have out in the market today. So we're taking what is a great mobile ad product on Facebook and Instagram and making it even better. And I think the investments that we're doing there will continue to enable us to drive advertiser demand. Those key factors will continue, we believe, to drive growth next year. So what I'm specifically talking about is ad load and our anticipation that it's going to be a less significant factor as we get into mid-2017.

Answer_5:

    Sure. So there was a lot in there. I'll address most of it. The video on demand content is the vast majority of video that is both shared and consumed on Facebook, not live video. But live is growing very quickly. Part of the reason why we're investing in it is we see that video as a medium is not only in the future going to be about people producing content that looks like traditional content and then consuming it in a static rectangle video screen. Live video we think represents an example of something new, which is video which is a medium for doing something that's really interacting with other people. Whether you're a public figure that is using it to hold a townhall or interact with a lot of people at the same time, or you're hanging out with your friends by going live and you have 10 people who are just there with you, chatting with you while you're doing something, going about throughout your day. It's not the kind of traditional video experience. It's actually a more social experience. 
I think 360 videos in another way are another example of this kind of interactive video experience. And my guess will be that we will see more different kinds of video media as time goes on. I think Stories is another example of this, that we're seeing it with Instagram Stories and with Messenger and the initial test that we have with Messenger Day where that is another interesting format for how you can put videos together. I think that's going to be more and more. To put that all in context, the majority of the consumption today is video on demand. We are very interested in making sure that the business model that we have works for folks who produce content as their business, to make sure that they can make money from it, so that their best content comes on Facebook. It's going to be a lot of growth in all of these things across all of our family of apps.

Answer_6:

    I can talk about shifting to put video first across our whole family. There are two broad sets of improvements that I think we need to make. One are to the capture and sharing tools that we offer. So the example of that is the new camera that we're working on and all the creative tools around that. And then on the other hand, we also need to improve the infrastructure to deliver the best videos to people and do that quickly. So if you think about what is enabling video to become huge right now, it's that fundamentally the mobile networks are getting to a point where a large enough people around the world can have a good experience watching a video. If you go back a few years and you tried to load a video in newsfeed, it might have to buffer for 30 seconds before you watched it, which wasn't a good enough experience for that to be the primary way that people shared. But now you can -- it loads instantly.  You can take a video and upload it without having to take five minutes to do that. So it's a good experience. 
So we're very focused on creative tools. You can see that a little bit in the announcement and launch of Instagram Stories and what we're doing with Messenger, and some of the initial tests in Facebook, and the camera work that we're doing in WhatsApp. This is across the whole family of apps. This is a big part of the product experience that we want to deliver. Then the actual delivery of video side, it's just much more intensive technically. There aren't that many companies that can do this at the scale that we're talking about. This has been a big advantage for us in rolling out things like Live, we've had this infrastructure that we've been building out for a decade all around the world. And that allowed us to build a product like live where someone has to stream something live from their phone to potentially hundreds of thousands of people around the world from a phone. That's a difficult scaling problem. So we've been able to build that up, not just because of the ongoing investment in technology and infrastructure here, but because we're building on the strong base. That goes not only for just being able to deliver the content, but being able to understand what it is so we can rank it in newsfeed better and show people the right content. But all of these things are going to be part of a cohesive experience to get behind our community. And when people are ready and want video to be the primary way that they're sharing and consuming content, we're going to be there ready.

Answer_7:

    Mark, yes, and on ad load growth slowing and the impact on effective CPMs, I think when you think -- when you look at our business, demand has been one of the key factors driving growth. So we've built up a large base of advertiser demand. We've got 4 million advertisers on Facebook, 0.5 million advertisers on Instagram. We continue to innovate on the products, make this more effective and make this a great gateway for businesses to come onto Facebook and come into mobile and spend. And we expect we've got a lot of great opportunities to continue to innovate on that front. 
We've also been innovating over the past several years. Demand has been a big factor and what's been driving our growth to date. On top of that we've grown users and time spent. And then we've also grown ad load. So I do think as we look into 2017, we do expect that as you get to mid-2017 ad load will be less significant factor contributing. We'll continue to get benefits of being able to grow our revenue with advertiser demand, and continuing to innovate there. But I do think that as we slow ad load growth, we're going to have a slowing in revenue as well. So that's our expectation. But obviously we're going to continue to work hard to innovate in the ad product space.

Answer_8:

    I can take the MAU growth first. And then Mark can talk about camera. On the MAU front, we're seeing very strong overall growth in terms of the 240 million-plus MAUs that we added. If I was to point to -- there's really no single driver, but I'll point to a few that contributed. It also plays into the fact that we're seeing good growth in places like India, Mexico, Brazil, and others. First, we're improving our Android experiences. And we've talked about the impact that Facebook Light has had on that, just making easier registration processes, just making Android -- our Lightweight Android app easier to use. Secondly, Mark talked about the Internet.org efforts that we have. That's been a contributing factor to MAU growth. And then finally, we're seeing the introduction of low price data plans in markets like India and Mexico contributing. So there's no single factor. But those are all contributing factors in terms of MAU growth. And then Mark, do you want to talk about the camera?

Answer_9:

    Sure. So we already rolled out the first test of the new camera in Ireland. We're a Company that believes in testing things and getting feedback from our community before we roll it out broadly. We think we have a lot to learn. And the methodology of how we develop is we try to build things quickly. And rather than just relying on our own intuition, although we do rely on that a lot, we will try to put it out in the market and get feedback and then roll it out from there.  So we rolled out what we believe is a good experience in Ireland. They're the first part of the community to get access to these new features. From there we'll start to roll it out broadly across the world, hopefully sooner rather than later. 
Same thing on the Messenger side, as I mentioned these products around My Day. It's a similar video medium to Instagram Stories and a similar camera to what we're building in the Facebook apps as well. And that we've rolled out in a few countries as well. And similarly based on the feedback that we're getting, I would expect that we'll be rolling that out pretty widely across the world soon, as well.

Answer_10:

    So in the main Facebook app we're doing a number of different things. One is that video is naturally becoming a larger share of the content in newsfeed because both people and pages are sharing more videos in the mix. And people want to consume that content. So there's not really a question of whether that should be a separate app. This is what people want newsfeed to be increasingly. So this is what it will become. There is a second experience called Video Home which we start talking about earlier in the year. And we've rolled out, again, in a few markets, and those tests have gone well. So we're also hoping to roll that out pretty soon widely. 
And that's the new experience, which if you come to Facebook and you specifically want to watch some different kinds of videos or you want to see what videos a recent page that you follow has posted. Or the Presidential debate is on and you want to find a good place to go online to get that,  you can go to Video Home and see that. That is the new experience that we're building. And building that is part of Facebook, is a great way for people to see it and get exposure to it. And we'll see where that goes over time. I think it's a good experience inside Facebook. But we also have had examples over time, like Messenger for example, where we started them on Facebook and decided that in order to fulfill their potential it needed to be its own experience over time. We'll look at all those options. But for now I really think that video home is going to be a great experience. And I'm excited to roll that out.

Answer_11:

    When we think about video ads and what platform they run on, we really believe that over time the dollars will shift with eyeballs. And our goal is to be the best dollar and the best minute people spend measured across channels. It's definitely true that most of our advertisers are advertising on TV and advertising with us on mobile. And they should be. We've done studies that show with Nielsen that our ads can be a really big complement to TV, particularly enabling you to reach people who really aren't on TV and you can't reach. I think the power of what we're able to do really goes to the targeting. And what we're seeing is big brand advertisers, and this is actually a particularly strong growth -- this quarter was particularly strong for brand, are really recognizing that they can do big brand buys on our platform like they would do on TV, but make them much more targeted. 
So for example, Nestle Purina Petcare did an ad campaign with Germany -- in Germany with ZenithOptimedia. And they defined five distinct cat owner personality times. And created different creatives for each group. So that's kind of a big brand thing. There's -- the cat food category is big and they want brand awareness. But rather than just run one ad, they were able to run five based on the kind of interest space and personality targeting that really only we can do. And the results were amazing. They got an 89% increase in brand awareness and a 20% lift in sales. And so we think what we offer is the power of the broad reach of TV, but an ability to target much more efficiently.

Answer_12:

    So I'd say we're pretty early in phase two. Just to recap the framework that we have here. The strategy is there are three phases that we build, and then build businesses around these apps. The first is build an experience and get it to scale. Build a community that can get to hundreds of millions or 1 billion people or more. The second phase is help people not only interact with the people they care about, but also the businesses and other public entities that they care about as well. Then the third phase is once there's good organic interaction between people and those businesses, give those businesses tools that they can pay for to reach more people and amplify those interactions. 
So I mentioned this stat earlier. That we have about 33,000 bots live in Messenger, including experiences across a range of verticals from news to e-commerce to local businesses and all kinds of different things. And where we're seeing some early progress, I'd say we're still pretty early on in getting this to be widely rolled out. I think we're going to need many more than 33,000. And the number of people using them, I think, is still pretty early in terms of there are more than 1 billion people using Messenger. So we need to get that rolled out pretty widely. 
So I'm not sure that I have an answer for you just yet on exactly when we're going to move to the third phase. The one thing that I would say in terms of making money through Messenger is we're already driving results for businesses by letting them advertise in newsfeed to open up threads in Messenger, which is different from the long-term vision that we have here around creating interactions that start in Messenger. I think that that ultimately will be most of the value that's generated. But in the near term what we found is that a lot of businesses are creating ads in newsfeed that then they can [call] off and do transactions with people in Messenger. That's going to be pretty meaningful over the next few years.

Answer_13:

    In terms of payments, we really see payments as primarily a way to enforce the other activities we want to see on Facebook and Instagram. Payments enable advertisers to pay us. We are using payments in some of our other products in ways that enable some of the interactions we want to see. When we think about Instagram Shopping, it's very early tests. But it really follows the kinds of things we do in other areas of our products and services like Messenger. What we see is that people in Instagram are using Instagram to browse for products and make those connections. And so we then make the product investment to make those a little bit easier, similarly to some of things we've done in Messenger, some of the things we've done in Marketplace. We're watching for what is the organic activity between businesses and consumers. And then we're building products to enhance and enable that organic activity.

Answer_14:

    Those are -- you have our top verticals correct. And we see a lot of strong growth in those verticals. Our top verticals this time were e-commerce, CPG, retail, and entertainment media. We do see growth in the other verticals as well. You're right that historically it took us a longer time to break into some these, particularly travel and auto were things that took us longer. But we are seeing some really nice traction. I talked about Mary Barra and what she and I did together in New York at Ad Week. And we're seeing them not just use the platform for advertising, but really use the platform. So earlier this year they rolled out a car at CES on Facebook Video rather than at a car show. And that was a big moment for us, I think, in the auto vertical. And we continue to work with them and lots of other partners. 
Measurement's really key there. The better we can do with dealers and with auto manufacturers of measuring all the way through to purchase, the better off we are. And I think they know that people are doing the research for autos and the purchases they make, which is a very long sales cycle, on their mobile phone. And they want us to be part of that. Similarly with travel, this is a vertical that we are really investing in. We have rolled out different types of product ads that we think will help. So in Q2 we rolled out dynamic ads that were specifically focused on the travel vertical. And I'll share one example. 
Celebrity Cruises used these dynamic ads for travel on both Facebook and Instagram to increase their online bookings. They worked with one of our F&Ts, Sticher Ads. And they created custom audiences who viewed specific itineraries by state. So they looked for people that at a certain date had viewed specific itineraries. And then created dynamic ads which showed the available cruises and pricing, and had a book-now button. They saw a 3 times increase in their online bookings. And I think those kind of results are made possible by more vertical-specific products. And we're going to continue to invest there.

Answer_15:

    Justin, just on investment year, and not giving specific commentary around revenue growth versus expense growth. What I wanted to provide was just some color around our thinking about investments going into 2017. Obviously on the CapEx side we've got a number of projects underway on the data center front. So clearly on that front we've got a lot of projects that are going to need ongoing funding going into 2017. So that we've got good visibility on. 
In addition, it's too early to give specifics, I wanted to give some directional color around expense growth. We've already invested in accelerating our recruiting efforts. I wanted to highlight that. That's primarily around technology, technical recruiting, software engineering. And we have a lot of opportunities that we see to invest in the long-term growth of the business. And so that's our plan going into 2017. 
On ad blocking. In terms of the impact, I would just point out that this quarter we had 18% year-over-year desktop revenue growth. If you look at recent quarters, it was about half of that growth rate on a year-over-year basis. So that increment, that acceleration in desktop revenue growth is largely due to our efforts on reducing the impact of ad blocking. So that's what led to the acceleration of desktop revenue growth.

Answer_16:

    Sure. So newsfeed is an ongoing work that we're always improving. What we basically are trying to do is work on, over time, adding more and more signals to the newsfeed model to help us fully value what people in the community value about the different content that we show them. So what we realized was that the model that we had previously didn't fully capture the nuance and how people preferred certain content from friends and family. So we ran a bunch of qualitative studies and talked to a bunch of people, and incorporated those signals into the model. And that has had the result that people in our community who gave us that feedback and who we worked with on this, what we'd expected, in terms of both increasing the quality of the content that people see and, therefore, also enabling people to share more with their friends and the people that they want. One thing that I would clarify is that I think sometimes people -- in your framing of your question you asked if we'd tweaked newsfeed to do this or that. This is an ongoing iterative process. We're constantly learning about what our community wants. We will constantly be trying to incorporate new information and signals into the model to help value all of the content in the system as accurately as possible. The biggest job that we have is to show people in the community what's going to be meaningful and important to them. And that is our goal in all of these changes.

Answer_17:

    I did not fully understand the first question so I'm going to talk about our AI work overall. In general what we want to do is try to understand the content that people are sharing and that's out there for them to see as best as possible. So for example, that means being able to read and understand news articles or posts that people make or messages that a person might send to a business so we can help that business auto reply to them and get information back to the person really quickly. Or understand the content so we can better understand what might be interesting to a person and show in a newsfeed. Similarly, aside from the conversational linguistic understanding, there's a whole thread of the work that we're doing on visual understanding. So understanding photos, what's in photos, what's in videos, what people are doing. That allows us to not only do things around accessibility to show someone who is visually impaired to be able to read to them what might be in a video or a photo, but it also helps us rank newsfeed better so that way we can help understand what is in the content and show people more of what is going to be meaningful to them. It helps us identify content that might be offensive or graphic that might violate the policies of Facebook so we can flag that and review that better. 
That's the main thread of the AI work that we're doing, is trying to understand conversational and linguistic context and computer vision, photographic and video signals, to understand what's going on there. And that will apply across basically every product that we build at the Company. Of course, there's some deeper AI research that we're doing that feeds into those applications as well that can apply to things like ranking for newsfeed and search and ads and all of our systems more broadly.

Answer_18:

    On the discoverability of pages, a couple of things that I would point out there. First, we continue to invest in search. So obviously that's a good way for people to discover interesting pages, interesting businesses around them. So search is one angle there. And then, of course, ads. We've got 60 million businesses with pages. They manage those pages. And then they can promote those pages via our easy to use ad products. We try to make it very easy for businesses to promote pages, promote posts, and the like. That's an important on-ramp to mobile advertising for a number of businesses around the world. So those are the two ways that I think of from enhancing discoverability of pages on Facebook.

Answer_19:

    Operator, I think we have time for one last question.

Answer_20:

    Sure. So search is an area that we've been working on for a while to improve. I don't know what the most recent public stat is on that, so I'm not going to say a stat. But it's grown a lot. So we're happy with that. And we think that that reflects that people are getting value from the search experience, which a lot of the growth comes from people searching for posts and content in the system, not just looking up people and pages in the system. So yes, on search, there's that. And then of course I think that search is often driven by what unique content is in a system and not just the ability to find it. I think what people are going to search Facebook for are finding people and content that they know is on Facebook and that isn't in other places. That I think is driving most of the volume today. And I think can get us to be -- we're already one of the largest search engines in the world, but to be even bigger on that front. 
You asked about transactions as well. And we spent a lot of time on this call talking about putting video first. That has certainly been the biggest theme of the last quarter. And is the biggest part of the product strategy for Facebook and Instagram, and is a big part of the product strategy for Messenger and WhatsApp as well. In terms of transactions, one of the big things that we see happening in messaging long term is that it's a great channel for people to interact with a business one on one, and either do transactions in a private space or get support, or for businesses to reach out with very personally tailored messages and have an ongoing engagement with a person. That's something that we're very excited about building. And that is going to be the business that we hope to build on Messenger and WhatsApp over time. So we're looking forward to that. 
Marketplace I think is going to be a great example of this, too. What we're seeing in pages and marketers on Facebook is they want to both get awareness and drive all the way down to generating transactions. And Marketplace I think is going to help people do that. We're starting with people being able to sell things to -- and connect to other people who want to buy them, just like they've been doing in for-sale groups for many years. But we're excited to evolve this and grow it over time as well.

Answer_21:

    Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again.

