Question_1:

    Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. Just the first one. The past couple quarters you've given us a metric on the growth and time spent per user across the three big platforms. Any update at all on that around this quarter and what you're seeing? The second on the Instagram Stories, 100 million daily views. Any help at all on what the demographics or the age of those people look like? And how do you think about engagement of those users? Thanks.

Question_2:

    Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe one for Sheryl and one for Dave. Sheryl, on local business and small business as you continue to see success there, wonder if we could get increased color on what you're seeing from an adoption curve on business pages? What are people looking for in terms of measurement attribution? What's Facebook delivering for those advertisers? Any color there would be very, very helpful. Dave, as we try to digest some of the comments you made about ad load and revenue as we exit 2016, go to 2017, how should we also be thinking about the mix of ad units as you continue to see more e-commerce and video in the platform? And how should we be thinking about the pricing of ad units as that mix changes over time? Thanks so much, guys.

Question_3:

    Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. For Mark, in terms of video and your broader media content strategy, just trying to think about your investment in Facebook Live. And then trying to frame that against investments in, I guess, non-live forms of video, such as maybe short form, prerecorded professional content. How do you weigh investing in live versus, let's call it, on-demand content? And maybe a related question would be, Fox Sports and Sports Illustrated are co-producing some original content for Facebook Live. I think they're doing a pregame show ahead of the big game tonight. That seems like in some ways it's an entree into sports, perhaps, for Facebook. Could you give us an update on whether or not you see any advantage or any benefit in licensing sports content over time versus having one of the publishers do it on the Facebook platform? Thanks.

Question_4:

    Thanks a lot. I think the first one's for Mark. When you went mobile only, or started this concept, you had to tweak the app because it wasn't necessarily optimized for mobile. As now you move to more of a video first approach, what needs to happen to the Facebook app, both from a consumer-facing and from an ad tools perspective, to make sure that you're optimized for video? What needs to change? 
I think the next question's for Dave. As the rate of growth in ad load slows and as -- and also as you continue to enhance targeting and as more video advertisers come onto Facebook, would you expect that ACPMs will rise and offset part, if not all of this, impact of the ad load slowing? Thanks.

Question_5:

    Two questions. A product question for Mark. You talk about some of these features and making the camera more of a central way of communicating on Facebook. How long do you think the iterations, or the testing is going to go, until as an average user I would notice that in my newsfeed? Like I do see much more prevalence of live video, and it doesn't seem to me yet a perfect experience. But just in terms of other features and out putting the camera at centerpiece? Do you think this is something that's going to be obvious to people in the next year, couple of months? Just what's the timing of the innovations? And then real quickly, MAU growth seemed to accelerate in both Asia and Rest of World. Any color on what would have caused that, or any particular markets? Thank you.

Question_6:

    Thanks for taking the questions. We're going to stick with video. One for Mark and then one for Sheryl. Mark, how do you think about whether, with video in terms of doing it on core Facebook itself or on a separate video app, some of the puts and takes there between those two? And then Sheryl, can you just talk about with video how you see marketers using Facebook more to complement TV? And what it would take to shift dollars over in a bigger way going forward? Thanks.

Question_7:

    Great. I just had one for Mark. Any update on the revenue ideas for Messenger that might be getting traction? I know it's still early days, but any kind of early indications there? And based on the three phases you laid out earlier in the call, when can we expect Messenger to move into phase three? Thank you.

Question_8:

    Great. Thank you. I just had a couple questions left. One, I was just wondering, given your comments on the local and small business opportunity, I'm wondering what your view is on Facebook's potential role in the payment ecosystem and how that might evolve over time? And also if you could share with us how the rollout of Instagram Shopping, which people have started to talk about, how that might evolve over time as well? Thank you.

Question_9:

    Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. One for Sheryl. Sheryl, you guys have talked about your top verticals as being e-com, CPG, entertainment media, and gaming. And despite your really significant growth I can think of some categories where you've got more considered purchases where you're probably punching below your weight in terms of share. So auto, telecom, travel, financial services. Wondering if you could talk a little about some of the unique challenges with those verticals and how you guys are attacking them? Thanks so much.

Question_10:

    Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Dave, could you clarify a bit on investment year, what that means? Does that mean expenses growing faster than revenues? I think Mark mentioned $250 million on content for VR. Anything else in there that we should be thinking about? And then maybe one housekeeping, ad blocking. Could you quantify how much that might have helped desktop revenues? Thank you.

Question_11:

    Thanks. You've been tweaking the newsfeed algorithm to prioritize friends and family original content. We're curious what kind of impacts you're seeing there? And is it driving more engagement and more sharing of originals? Thanks.

Question_12:

    Yes, thank you. Two questions. About AI, can you help us understand your ambitions for   its current form? Does it have a place in the workplace or internally maybe to enhance productivity, et cetera? About the additional functionality of additive pages with the delivery and a few others, can you just help us understand what you're doing around discoverability?  How will people actually find these services? And do you need tools for that, and maybe timing? How quickly can we see these tools being rolled out? Thank you.

Question_13:

    Great. Thanks. Just as relates to video search, do you think that Facebook has the video content depth at this point for users to search for video content and be pleased with the experience? And then second for Mark, while Facebook embarks on its video first strategy, how should we think about Facebook also evolving into a transactional platform with the recent introduction of the Marketplace? Thank you.

