Answer_1:

    Sure. When we referenced, Betsy, the improving credit quality you can look at it in three different buckets. The first which you already pointed out, clearly HPI under Basel 3, as home prices go up there is benefit to that. And that improvement accounted for roughly a third of the improvement we saw during the quarter.
The other two things that we benefited from was at the end of the quarter we had less risk on the books so that obviously the reduction in risk provided some benefit. And then third, the overall credit quality of the wholesale book that we had seen also improved. So within that credit quality characterization it was those three things. As we look forward any improvement, any further improvement that we have with respect to risk-weighted assets is going to be a function of home prices.
Obviously the prints that we have seen during this quarter continue to be strong. And to the extent that the improvement continues we would expect to benefit from that. The other thing that is noteworthy and you see this is that we do continue to run off a fair bit of legacy positions within the consumer mortgage portfolio and you saw that the home equity lines of credit reduced by about another $3.5 billion during the quarter and that obviously provides some benefit as well.

Answer_2:

    Sure. Well, in the queue we put out two different numbers, the first that we put out is the parallel -- the 100 basis points parallel shift which at the end of this quarter I believe we said was either $3.6 billion or $3.7 billion. And then we had the steepening where just long rates went up and we had the $1.6 billion that. Obviously at we look at -- and look at net interest income in the future, we've not seen a parallel shift at this point. We've just seen a steepening. And that's why, in my comments, I referenced the $1.6 billion.
But as we look forward and look at -- and look forward from a net interest income perspective, to the extent that long end rates are higher and we are investing excess liquidity at the Company we will benefit from being able to invest at higher rates.
The other two items that we have that will benefit net interest income going forward is we do continue to take down the debt footprint. And you can see that commercial loan balances are moving up as well. And we would expect the combination of those things to more than offset some of the declines in both balances and yields we have seen on the consumer side.

Answer_3:

    Bruce, I just would add, if you think about over the last several quarters we have been fighting the run off portfolios and the impact of those going forward continues to mitigate. So if you look at some of the information was -- and the card balances actually growing quarter to quarter, whether -- even the home equities, the size of the run-off portfolio in mortgages is lower. You assume those that had higher yields as a general case, so the stuff coming on replacement now helps replace those yields and is better in securities. So that gives us confidence that we are starting to see the growth that helps drive the core NIM up.

Answer_4:

    As we have always said, the first places we continue to build liquidity that we are looking to place it is within the lines of business to fund loan growth from those customers. And if you look at this quarter and you look at the balance sheet you saw some of that in that our overall securities balances I believe were down about $18 billion, whereas our average overall loans were up.
So clearly the lines of business, to the extent of that we continue to originate well structured well priced loans that return the way that we'd like, that is where the liquidity is going to go first. The excess liquidity is invested and in this environment we continue to be very mindful of the OCI risk and will manage with the mindset of mitigating that risk.

Answer_5:

    Yes. The only one timer that I think jumps out is if you look at it you can say that we actually had a negative provision of about $15 million for the quarter, a more normalized provision number within that business is probably $25 million to $50 million, but not unlike the balance of our consumer real estate portfolio. The consumer lending with respect to mortgages and that segment benefits from the increasing home prices that we have seen. That is probably the one anomaly that merits mentioning.

Answer_6:

    Betsy, we have been -- John Thiel and David Darnell -- John runs the business, and along with Keith Banks -- U.S. Trust, has done a good job. If you look at the revenue year-over-year, I think it is a 10% increase in expenses went up 3% in the business which, as you know, has high sensitivity to compensation increases. They just have been doing all the hard work and the New BAC work like everybody else. And so as the markets rose they benefited dramatically from it.

Answer_7:

    Over time as we look at where we are, and I want to highlight over time, we think that can get to a margin of 30%. But at the same time I think of accurately called out we were at 28% this quarter and we did have some benefit from the provision line.

Answer_8:

    Yes.

Answer_9:

    Remember, they've got a lot of loans, deposits, lending in there too that benefits as rates rise.

Answer_10:

    Sure. A couple things on the fixed income business. If we look at the -- and let's look at it year over year because this business probably has the most seasonality with respect to the first quarter. If you look at year-over-year and if you looked within the businesses, within both the rates and currencies area as well as the different credit trading areas which we look at investment grade, high yield as well as our loan sales and trading, the performance year over year was actually pretty good.
Where we had weakness in the second quarter this year was in three areas. The first is that we continue to run off the structured credit trading book and you had a pretty significant decline during the second quarter of 2013 relative to the prior year from the continued run off of that book. From a P&L perspective it is largely run off at this point so we are not going to have to discuss that much going forward.
The other two areas on a relative basis that were weaker, we have a very significant business that has got number one market shares in the municipal finance space. And if you look at the prices and the spread widening, it was very dramatic during the month of June in the muni space, that negatively affected us. And then in the mortgage space, obviously the market widened out significantly there and we had some lumpy items in the second quarter of 2012 as well.
So I think as you look at the quarter and you look at the fixed income business, once again we run it as a holistic business between new issue and sales and trading. The new issue business had a great quarter. Those areas where the markets were good, rates and currencies, fixed income -- or fixed -- excuse me, credit trading across the board actually performed pretty well in the three areas that I mentioned, one because it is running off; and two, given the market dynamics didn't perform as well as we would have expected.

Answer_11:

    I think that's fair. Just to give you a sense, Matt, the structured credit trading book this quarter was less than $100 million. So as you look at the go-forward basis, there is just not much left.

Answer_12:

    Matt, just on that -- just as you look at slide 17, what Tom Montag and team have been able to do is to continue to take advantage of opportunities. The equities business last year, we were still in a work in progress, but they have rebuilt that business; it's doing well. The fixed income, Bruce just ran you through that, but look at the ability to drive the profit by getting the expenses lined up well. So, on the year-over-year basis, the profit increased by $450 million, $460 million because we are able to maintain the expense discipline at the same time as the revenue went up.
And so I think the key there is that we're trying to manage that business in the context of who we are as entire company in the markets business, and Tom and his team continue to drive where the opportunities are. And FICC aside I think had a very good quarter, but when you step back and look at it holistically, their ability quarter after quarter to drive the profit growth or a good return on capital even in more volatile spaces where we got -- obviously hit a little bit in FICC in the latter part of the quarter is pretty solid.

Answer_13:

    Yes, I think it is a good question. What I would point to is that credit quality across the board, and particularly as you look at early stage delinquencies, as well as what we are seeing as we move some of the consumer real estate out, is quite strong. As we have said, we think the charge-off number will come below $2 billion in the third quarter.
And as you look at the reserve release, the reserve release this quarter, roughly [$650 million] of it was from core reserves and roughly [$250 million] of it was from PCI. We can't project PCI, but I think if you look at the core $650 million and take the charge-off guidance that we have given, absent any change in home prices, you get a sense as to where we are trending.

Answer_14:

    Yes, I think, John, as we look at legal expense, it is always a little bit difficult to predict. But the just under $500 million that we saw this quarter is clearly at an elevated level from what we would expect long term. At the same time, within the $500 million there was nothing lumpy from the quarter. So it's -- I always hesitate to say too much on that because it is lumpy. But the $500 million number as it relates to a base level, at least what we can tell in the near term, is probably not a bad level to keep.

Answer_15:

    That's correct.

Answer_16:

    Yes. I would -- as we make progress we previously said we would get $1 billion at this year and $1 billion in 2014. We will be at a lower level at the end of 2013, as we said today. And I don't think it is unreasonable to think we will get another $1 billion out in 2014 relative to that lower level.

Answer_17:

    Right now on a disallowed basis under Basel 1.5 it is in the ZIP Code of $15 billion to $16 billion. I think the important thing to keep in mind is during the quarter we didn't get the benefit that you would think from DTA because the impact of OCI offset that.

Answer_18:

    Absolutely.

Answer_19:

    No, the $300 million was in the $10.8 billion. The $10.4 billion backs out the $300 million.

Answer_20:

    Yes, the $700 million would be the benefit, all other things being equal, off of that $10.4 billion number. And that is just the benefit from the move in rates, not anything else to do with the balance sheet.

Answer_21:

    That's correct. The $700 million that is left is all core. The $300 million was in the adjusted -- or in the pre-adjustment number that we reported of $10.8 billion this quarter.

Answer_22:

    Correct.

Answer_23:

    That is correct and that is the important point. As you look at -- and I'm just going to speak to what we had in the first-quarter Q -- the difference between a 100 basis point parallel shaft and a 100 basis point on the long end is an incremental $2.1 billion which is to your short end question.

Answer_24:

    John, the power of the deposit franchise and the short rate rise because the mix is so transactional and core oriented is just, that is where there is a lot of lift left. It's not showing up yet obviously because of the steepness of the curve.

Answer_25:

    Yes, there is always a lag of three to six months from when the work goes away to when the actual employees that are working on that, as well as the expenses associated with it, leave the income statement.

Answer_26:

    Sure. I want to make sure we clear up one question that we get a lot on this. We worked hard to enter into the MSR sale that we entered into at the end of 2012. A lot of the goal associated with that was to be able to reduce the work so we could take the expenses out of our Legacy Assets and Servicing area.
We entered into a number of transactions in the fourth quarter of 2012 and those will close throughout 2013. The most significant sales have already closed and there will be some smaller sales that close during the balance of this year.
Outside of the closing of those sales any activity that you see from an MSR perspective will only be because it makes so much sense and it results in getting out loans that are very difficult to work out. But going forward you should not expect to see any incremental MSR sales. And all the guidance we've given you with respect to expense as well as 60-plus day delinquencies is solely based on us doing the work that we control.

Answer_27:

    Yes, as you look at that, one of the conferences that we spoke at, the comment that we had made at that point was that as you look at the impact of OCI relative to net interest income that it took between two and a half to three years to be able to earn back the OCI that is lost through net interest income. And you are absolutely right that durations do widen in mortgage-backed securities. So as we leave 2012 it is more in the context of three years to earn it back as opposed to the two and a half to three years that we had spoken about previously.

Answer_28:

    Well, I think a year or so, I mean -- I think if you went back a little shorter than that in the first quarter as the markets moved people started putting money back in the market on a retail level -- on a high net worth retail level. And I think that trend has continued. But there is still a lot of cash out there. So if you look at some of the deposit dynamics you can see that repositioning.
And so, we feel people are constructive. I'm not -- we've got our research experts that can give you their view of the S&P levels and things like that. But from a general trend from both our private banking clients and the willingness to borrow money, put it to work for Private Banking and Wealth Management clients and their investment patterns we've seen they are willing to take risk go up.
And so, you've seen growth in our lending across the board and that has been -- that indicates that people are willing to take risk. I think if you look back a year ago people were not using lines and weren't asking for a lot of lines. And that has changed in the last couple quarters.

Answer_29:

    Bruce, why don't you hit on some of that and then I will give you some broader color.

Answer_30:

    So I think as you step back this quarter our purchase percentage of our overall total went up to 17% from what I believe was right around 7% during the first quarter. So we have started to see the purchase share go up. As we look forward we have roughly 12% deposit market share throughout the country. And if we are doing this business as well as we believe that we can we clearly would expect over time that that mortgage market share can grow from the 4% that we started at a year ago to the 5% that we are at today up to a high single-digit market share.
And as we look at where we are today relative to going forward and as we look at what some of our peers have said, the 5% decline in pipeline end of second quarter this year -- or end of second quarter currently versus the first quarter is reflective of the fact that we are picking up share because the pipelines aren't down as much as some others.

Answer_31:

    Paul, the other thing is about 70% odd -- 72% to 74% I think it is of the activity that we do in mortgage is really off the customer base. And so, we now have more than half the mortgage loan officers that we have working through the branch -- the retail stores, on teams of people along with the financial advisors, what we call FSA's, in a branch and personal bankers and small business bankers.
And so, that business system is really taking hold and the amount they are producing continues to grow. And that is where we have placed a lot of the growth year over year. I think we are up 700 or 800 or so mortgage loan officers and mostly in that platform. That platform performs well from both realtor referral basis plus direct to consumer basis. And so, we think that serves us well as the market ebbs and flows between refi purchases.
And then when you look at our purchase statistics you also have to remember that we still have, probably more than other of our peers, a lot of the government-related refinancing business going through, which we identified for you. So if you sort of back that out you see a more represented picture of how we are doing in the purchase market. But we've got to make that transition happen and the team will work hard at it.

Answer_32:

    For this quarter -- for the third quarter?

Answer_33:

    I think it's too early to tell because we have only had a couple of week's activity obviously. But they came down in the quarter. Bruce, why don't you --?

Answer_34:

    Yes, they were down roughly, Paul, 50 basis points during the second quarter relative to the first. And as Brian indicated, it is too early to tell this quarter.

Answer_35:

    Generally in this business, remember, we are -- this business is a business which ebbs and flows and you know it as well as anybody. Our goal in this business is to serve our customers well. And I think we have rebuilt the platform to do that and that is why we are having success. And so, as the margins have come in they're still strong, we still make money in the business, but we've got to monitor as we go forward. It doesn't mean that -- we will have to take expenses down like everybody else will if the volume is not there.

Answer_36:

    The -- we can get you on that -- we will get you that. I don't know it off the top of my head. Do you happen to know, Bruce?

Answer_37:

    It's in the 40%s.

Answer_38:

    Yes, the 40% I thought.

Answer_39:

    Yes, I think at this point, Guy, we have worked hard, given that these rules came out at the end of last week, to be able to get to both the parent as well as to be very specific about our two primary banking subsidiaries. From best that we can tell in the different releases that is what the US regulatory framework has focused on. There are obviously some different views that were put out in BIS, but we don't have a number for you on that.

Answer_40:

    It's one of the questions and as we have different discussions that you raise, that as policy gets set on this there is a concern of do some of the policies out there possibly have an impact on the availability of undrawn credit. And so, directly to your point, to the extent that over time you are required to hold capital in this case in the form of a leverage ratio for committed undrawn facilities, by definition the cost of those facilities to have truly committed facilities will need to migrate up over time so there is a fair return that is generated on the capital that needs to get help for those.
To the extent that they are not committed, obviously the percentage that you need to hold is much less. But across the industry to the extent that you need to hold capital for those in greater amounts, the cost will need to change over time. Keep in mind, that doesn't kick in until 2018.

Answer_41:

    Guy, I would ask you to take a look -- and if you flip back to the balance sheet data that we present on page 6, you can see that the actual number of outstanding shares for the quarter came down by 80 million which is the 80 million shares that we told you we repurchased. The only variation in the share count on a fully diluted basis is the treatment of the 700 million shares that were associated with the Berkshire investment. And depending on the price of the stock, as well as where the preferred shares are, that fully diluted share count can bounce around a little bit. But on a pure shares outstanding we came down by the 80 million that we show on slide 6.

Answer_42:

    As you go back through -- and the guidance and what we have spoken about is that we wrapped up and did the New BAC for the consumer businesses at the beginning of 2011 and we had a plan to work through and to rationalize that branch network down to in the ZIP Code of 5,000 branches by the end of 2014. And beyond 2014 at this point we will continue to evaluate and optimize the branch network going forward.
What we have been very pleased with as we look at that optimization of the network is two things. The first as we have rationalized the network in the markets that we operate, we have been very pleased with our retention of both consumer deposits as well as overall relationships in that as we have rationalized that network our customers have continued to do business with us and just use a different branch.
And the second thing that I would mention is that you have seen some announcements that in some of the more rural markets we've actually been able to sell those branches and generate decent premiums as we have sold those. But in the near-term we have got the plans through 5,000 and we will continue to look to optimize based on the environment that we are operating in.

Answer_43:

    No, I think -- if you look at page 12 you can sort of -- you have to sort of look at all of the dynamics in there. So deposits up $50 billion from last year's second quarter. The branch countdown about 270, and the rate paid on deposits from 19 basis points down to 12 basis points. But importantly look at the mobile banking customer and look at the -- and the uses behind that.
So this is a matter of continuing to optimize, as you said, Guy, the distribution system. But it is going to be led by the customer behavior change. In other words we are seeing, because of our customer base and because of our capabilities, like our online banking system was rated best in the business ninth year in a row and things like that. The mobile banking system gets great feedback from our customers seeing constant improvement. That our ability to do this is still in front of us because we got to watch the customer behavior and how we change.
There will be some point where the core store level will probably settle in, but you are seeing it work through that if you sit there and say -- have 10% more deposits and 5% less branches and 30% more mobile customers, that is a pretty good dynamic towards the expense basis of the platform. And so, we will continue to optimize it, but it is going to be led by our customers.

Answer_44:

    Yes, the big thing there, Chris, is remember in the home loan space that the only activity that is reflected within that is the front end or the origination side as well as a small amount of the home equity book that is held there. Keep in mind, relative to our peers the service -- all of the servicing asset and the profitability that comes out of the servicing asset for what I would characterize as the quote, good or current servicing, is all based within the legacy assets and servicing segment. So it's a little bit of apples to oranges relative to our peers as to how we report it.

Answer_45:

    That is correct.

Answer_46:

    Correct.

Answer_47:

    I wouldn't say loss leader. You've got to do it to make some money, but the value tends to be extracted through the servicing over time. But I think the reality is we have been building this up and investing in it. And as we sort of reach a level of where the investment is paying us back we still have a lot of efficiency to get in this business to in the front end.

Answer_48:

    Well, the liquidity, I think -- let me go back and you have to be careful with -- are you referring to on the liquidity side? Keep in mind, a big chunk, $18 billion of what you saw was a result of what we saw in running down the debt footprint. And, as we said, we've got $13 billion of maturities left in the balance of 2013 and just under $40 billion during 2014. So we will continue to be a net reducer of our debt balances and we would expect that to continue to benefit the net interest income line.

Answer_49:

    I'm sorry, I'm not sure I understand your first question.

Answer_50:

    Sure, okay. So, we would expect and, if you look at during the quarter and you look at the composition, keep in mind, Moshe, that you do have loans repaid. But during the quarter, as it relates to the origination activity that we had with our core clients that there were about $13 billion of residential mortgage loans that were originated through the core platform, roughly a third of which were through our Wealth Management area and the balance through our CBB segment. So there is an origination of activity.
And as I said, the investment portfolio is there to invest the residual of what is used. There will be some incremental investments during the year, but I don't think in the aggregate you should expect to see the overall level of securities balances change dramatically between now and the end of the year.

Answer_51:

    What we are focused on, and you have seen two different levels of activities amongst our peers. You have seen some looking to deploy and to invest in those areas where there are things that are being sold. What you are going to see us -- and I think you see some of it as you look at our commercial loan activities. We are very much focused given the capital and liquidity that we have built and using that capital and liquidity within our core customer segments.
And so, when you look at that liquidity if you look at our Wealth Management business you will see that the loan balances were up $5 billion Q1 to Q2 because of what we are doing from a securities lending perspective and a mortgage lending perspective, you look at the commercial loan balances. And so, they were up $10 billion, that is not from buying loans or doing anything else.
I do think though to your point some of that comes from being able to lend where other people are pulling back. So you are not going to see anything inorganic that we are doing. What you will see and what you should expect of us is to continue to driving those growth in those customer areas where because of the dynamics that you have mentioned other people may be doing less.

Answer_52:

    So if you link this question to the last question about sort of the efficiency of the mortgage business, year over year we deployed about 5,000 people, about a 25% increase, to make sure we can close mortgages on time and meet the demands of the customers. So at the same time the headcount of the overall Company is down significantly, we've had that kind of investment go on. We have more commercial bankers today than we had a year ago, we have more small business bankers, financial service advisor branches, so we continue to make the investment.
It's not really about capital I think because we still have so many loan portfolios that are running off that if we replace them it would be good core growth to replace them. It is more about expense dollars and redeploying and that is where we make the judgments right now. And so, the business of returning our cost of capital on allocated capital which is regulatory minimums or above, but it is really the question of where we put the expense dollars and that is where we are focused on sort of the core business that we have the best opportunity.

Answer_53:

    It's a net number, so we don't give you a number that doesn't take account. But for this year, just to give you an example, we will spend $1.1 billion in connection with the New BAC ideas, which are expense revenue and improving our Company basis that is on top of the $2.5 billion we spend otherwise and systems development work. That is pure systems development initiatives to help drive this Company.
So there is investment going in, but all of the numbers we give you are net of all the investments we are making. So we just -- we are giving you a net number, but we are investing significantly at the same time. And that was what Bruce and the team -- management team set out a few years ago was we had to make sure we progressed the core franchise at the same time we brought the expense base and headcount down.

Answer_54:

    I think we are in a position, Nancy, for the first time in a long while to -- we've been saying stabilizing credit card for a couple of quarters because we have seen it sort of settle in. We divested some portfolios, as you know. We sized out of some of the business that we didn't find attractive. In this quarter we saw it increase for the first time I think in almost five years. And so, the team produced about 975,000 cards through the -- new cards this quarter up from 950,000-ish last quarter. That is a multitier high in production, I think it goes back to 2008. So, we should see this go on.
Now, you have activity levels you've got to be careful of in the summer and things like that. But overall the baseline is set now. That restructured portfolio which we have shown you guys I think started $15 billion to $20 billion several years ago and is now down to a few billion. To set the underlying dynamics are there that we should be able to grow the business and hold our share. And if you look over the last couple quarters we are basically flattish share wise in card balances, a little bit down but in line with the peers. And so, we feel good that we finally have reached this point after five years of hard work of restructuring that business.

Answer_55:

    We will continue to drive share among our customers. We have low penetration in certain segments and low usage of our cards in other segments. And so, we are driving through the three or four core products, the Cash 123 product for people that feel that's what they want in a card through the travel awards and other awards products. And we are seeing the cards come in through those core products and we are driving. And, yes, we want to grow share in the context of our customers in the select affinity teams that we work with across the country.

Answer_56:

    Well, the first thing to your point, if we look at and if you go to the supplement that during the second quarter the deposit segment within CBB did make $500 million during the quarter.
As we look forward though, more directly to your point, to the extent that the overall yield curve shifts up -- and this is once again in our first-quarter Q -- that the benefit from a net interest income perspective on a 100 basis point parallel shift as of the end of the first quarter was over $3.5 billion, the lion's share of which is going to flow through the consumer segment.
So, as it relates to where we are now it is profitable, we made almost $500 million, we continue to optimize and to reduce the expenses to make it more profitable. And you are correct, once rates go up it will become much more so.

Answer_57:

    I think -- Nancy, I think about a lot of the adjustments we made on the fee side for the general consumer customer have already been made. And I think they had -- the customers have benefited dramatically from our position and how we overdrafts and other types of fees. So I think that that will be -- that is the -- following off of your point, that payback to the customers. As deposit -- as rates rise we will meet the market and grow with the market as we have been doing.
But interestingly enough, remember the constitution of our deposits across the last three years, we have run off a lot of CDs and other things which are not advantage products and it has really become more and more core every single quarter. And that will play to our benefit because transactional deposits -- a checking account is non-interest at this point. So as rates rise there is no extra cost.

Answer_58:

    At this point -- as we have said, 30% is a reasonable effective tax rate for the last two quarters of the year realizing that you need to add about $1.1 billion to that for the UK tax. And as we go into 2014 and 2015 that 30% migrates into more of a 32% to 33% effective tax rate based on what we think we will be earning as we go into 2014 and 2015.

Answer_59:

    Where would it be? I'm not sure, Mike, what --?

Answer_60:

    We don't disclose the difference between -- I think what you are asking is, is the margin in US Trust materially different than it is in the traditional Merrill Lynch Wealth Management model. And you should not assume that the margin improvement and the 28% is driven by a mix, virtually all of that margin is driven by overall what we are seeing within which you characterized as the traditional wealth management business of Merrill Lynch.

Answer_61:

    Well, keep in mind, Mike, and if you flip to slide 9 we show both the reported as well as the actual number. And the reason why that increase in interest rates led to the improvement in NII is because you need to adjust the way you look at premium securities went rates go up to reflect the slowdown in the rate at which you would expect to be paid back. So that is more of a life of loan type adjustment and that is why it is $300 million, it's the reason why we show you the number both ways.

Answer_62:

    The first is that we are not going to comment on the ins and the outs on the $8.5 billion because, as you know, technically we are not a part of that. The second thing as it relates to that that I would say is, and I think if you go back and look at one of the comments that was made, we accrued the $8.5 billion assuming that all 424 trusts were at the point where they got to the 25% two where there was a negotiation.
So at this point to comment whether or not we think the reserves would be higher or they could be lower is really not appropriate because right now there is an $8.5 billion settlement that is going through the process. We've accrued based on what 22 of the largest investors said was a fair deal, and as you know, when we set up the reserves we applied that same methodology to a variety of our other exposures. And to speculate or to comment before then given where we are in this, I just don't think is appropriate, Mike.

Answer_63:

    I'm not sure that we ever said that we thought it would be wrapped up in the second quarter. What we do know is what you know now given how you have followed the case that I believe that there is a court schedule set up through 26 July, it's not clear whether or not it will be wrapped up by the 26 or will go beyond that. We will just have to see how the process unfolds.

Answer_64:

    Thank you. And I believe at this point that we are through all the questions. So thank you very much for joining us this morning and we will look forward to talking to you next quarter.

