
Good morning. Thanks to everybody for joining us. I know it's a busy morning for all of you for the fourth-quarter 2016 results. Hopefully, everybody has had a chance to review the earnings release documents that are available on our website. Before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul, let me remind you we may make some forward-looking statements. For further information on those, please refer to our earnings release documents, our website or SEC filings. With that, let me turn it over to Brian Moynihan, our Chairman and CEO, for some opening comments before Paul Donofrio, our CFO, goes through the details. Brian?

Good morning. Thank you, Lee and thank all of you for joining us to review our results today. Results this year in the fourth quarter complete a solid year of execution and driving our responsible growth strategy. We produced earnings of $17.9 billion in 2016. That is a 13% growth over 2015. In a year in which we had a series of unexpected and sizable events around the world and a rough start in the capital markets, we were able to achieve 1% growth in revenue against the backdrop of a slow growth US economy.
Important, we focused on driving what we could control -- cost, production and risk. So how did we do on all that? We lowered our cost, improved productivity with a result in reduction of expenses by almost 5% compared to 2015. That's nearly $3 billion in expense reductions continuing a long-term trend. From the peak in 2011 of $77 billion, expenses are now down $22 billion or 29%. And the reductions coupled with the revenue growth drove 6% in operating leverage.
An improving economy, a relentless focus on client selection and growth through responsible lending combined to result in a historical low charge-off rate of 39 basis points for our Company this quarter. We also returned more capital to shareholders through higher dividends and more share repurchases during 2016. As you may have seen in the news release this morning, we announced an additional $1.8 billion expansion to our share buyback program. So adding the $1.8 billion to the $2.5 billion left, that brings us to $4.3 billion for the first six months of 2017.
Our repurchase resulted in a 2% reduction in share count at the end of 2016, which added to the earnings growth to produce a 15% growth in earnings per share. For the year, our return on tangible common equity was 9.5% while return on assets was 82 basis points and the efficiency ratio improved from 70% to 66%.
From a balance sheet perspective, let me mention a few things that are noteworthy as the items continue to grow with the business while optimizing the balance sheet at the same time. Our average deposits grew $64 billion or 5% compared to fourth quarter of 2015. Our average loans grew $22 billion, or 3%, as the lending segments outgrew the legacy runoff and Paul will show you that later on.
On regulatory capital, we ended the year at 10.8% on a fully phased in CET1 advanced basis. Importantly, after reviewing our year-end calculation and through the hard work of our teams, we are pleased to report that our method 2 GSIB capital ratio requirement has dropped 50 basis points, so our total 2019 CET1 requirement is now 9.5% instead of 10%.
Turning to slide 3, on these charts, you can see that each business segment played a role in driving our earnings growth in 2016. The businesses are producing good efficiency ratios and returns above the firm's cost of capital. And on this page, you can see that each business is driving hard to create operating leverage in the upper right-hand corner.
Consumer Banking, our biggest earning business, continued its strong performance through its transformation; produced more than $7 billion in after-tax earnings, growing 8%. Our Global Wealth and Investment Management business improved its earnings 8% as well, earning $2.8 billion. Our Global Banking business serving our commercial customers continues to produce strong revenue and generated $5.7 billion of earnings. And lastly, but not leastly, our Global Markets business earned $3.8 billion, the most it's earned in the past five years with a rebound in sales and trading revenue and strong expense discipline on the part of the team.
As you know, and you can see from the slides Paul will walk through later, our business has important leadership positions across the board in the industry and we believe that they have room to grow their marketshares by focusing on deepening relationships with their existing customers, as well as winning customers from the competition.
Turning to slide 4, let me cover a few highlights on the fourth quarter before I turn it over to Paul. Reported earnings of $4.7 billion after tax of $0.40 per diluted share, an EPS improvement of 48% from the year-ago quarter on a reported basis. We had a couple pennies of net benefit this quarter from resolution of some tax matters that were partially offset by the combination of smaller charges for revenue for debt hedge ineffectiveness, additions to our UK card PPI reserves to be prepared for sale and DBA. This improvement in year-over-year results was driven by expense reductions as we lowered costs by 6% from fourth quarter 2015 to fourth quarter 2016. Revenue from the fourth quarter 2015 to the fourth quarter of 2016 was up 2% on a reported basis. Note that this quarter had lower levels of noncore gains from equity, debt and asset sales than in past years. So it is effectively more core earnings. Provision expense was modestly lower in the aggregate from fourth quarter 2015. Our responsible growth strategy resulted in a 23% improvement in net charge-offs and we also had a lower amount of net reserves released from last year's fourth quarter.
So overall, I am pleased with the results. The Company has produced another quarter of solid results with strong operating leverage. We reported year-over-year earnings growth in every quarter 2016 with expenses declining in every quarter and revenue growing in three out of four. Our focus on operating leverage, expense management and operating excellence continues. The fourth quarter of 2016 represents the 20th successive quarter of year-over-year non-litigation expenses going down.
The expense reduction has been an important ability to grow earnings without the benefit of significant rate increases, but now we see rate increases in the fourth quarter of 2016, the latter part of the quarter, on both the long end and the short end. As these rate increases were late in the quarter, they didn't benefit the fourth quarter NII number that significantly, but we look forward to first quarter 2017 when we expect NII to increase, all things remaining equal, by approximately $600 million per quarter despite having two less days in that first quarter. And with loan and deposit growth, we'd expect NII to continue to improve from there throughout 2017 and beyond. And Paul will take you through these numbers in a minute.
This dynamic bodes well as we expect growth in earnings from productivity improvements will now get the added benefits of rate increases. This quarter, investors have asked a lot of questions that they usually ask, but importantly questions about the incoming new Presidential administration. Their questions have ranged from corporate tax reform and what do we think about that, regulatory changes, economic growth and the impacts of these things and interest rate changes.
The optimism for positive change here at Bank of America and among our customers is palpable and has driven bank stock prices higher. We will have to see how these topics play out, but that we are optimistic. But, in the interim, we will continue to operate the Company by controlling and driving what we can. We are going to drive responsible growth. In prior calls, I answered the questions you asked about the fundamentals. First, can we continue to stay this disciplined on risk? Yes, we are making progress growing our loans, growing our deposits, growing our market business and keeping the risk in check in all areas and our credit is among the best it has ever been in history.
Can we get earnings growth in a low rate environment? Yes, the answer is yes; you are seeing our earnings growth even without a significant rise in rates and now we look forward to those rises in rates. And the question is can you keep driving expenses lower? Again, the 20th consecutive quarter of year-over-year lower operating expenses and we have room to move them lower even as we continue healthy investment across all our businesses. And can we continue to drive our returns up above our cost of capital and you are seeing that happen.
So while we are very optimistic about the future, optimistic about new policies which could spur growth, we, at Bank of America, will continue to drive what we can control and that's a culture of what we have and we will keep doing that. With that, I will turn it over to Paul for the fourth quarter results. Paul?

Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everybody. Since Brian covered the income statement highlights, I'm going to start with the balance sheet on page 5. Overall, the end-of-period assets declined $8 billion from Q3 as solid loan growth across our business segments was more than offset by lower levels of trading assets in our Global Markets business. On an ending basis, loans grew $10.9 billion from Q3 2016. This includes adding back $9.2 billion in UK card balances that were moved from loans and leases to assets of businesses held for sale pursuant to the announcement of the sale of our UK card business. Loans on a reported basis showed growth of $1.7 billion as a result of that movement. We expect to close the sale around the middle of the year subject to regulatory approvals.
On the funding side, deposits rose $28 billion from Q3, or 9% on an annualized basis. At the same time, long-term debt fell by $8.3 billion driven by hedge and FX valuations. Global Markets trading liabilities declined in tandem with Global Markets assets. Lastly, common equity declined $3.2 billion compared to Q3 as additions from earnings were offset by a decline in AOCI and capital returned to shareholders. AOCI declined by $5.6 billion. Driving the decline was a $4.7 billion reduction in the value of AFS securities held in our investment portfolio, which reduced in value as long-term rates rose significantly during the quarter. Reflecting this, global liquidity sources declined a bit in the quarter, ending the year just below $0.5 trillion. However, we remain well compliant with fully phased-in US LCR requirements.
We returned a total of $2.1 billion to common shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases in the quarter.. Return of capital, plus the decline in AOCI, drove a 1% decline relative to Q3 2016 intangible book value per share to $16.95. However, it's up $1.33, or 9% from Q4 2015.
Turning to regulatory metrics and focusing on the advanced approach, our CET1 transition ratio under Basel III ended the quarter at 11%. On a fully phased-in basis compared to Q3 2016, the CET1 ratio decreased 12 basis points to 10.8% and remains well above our new 2019 requirement of 9.5%. CET1 capital declined $3 billion to $163 billion driven by the negative OCI valuations. Benefit  ratio was a $12 billion decline in RWA driven by lower exposures in our Global Markets business partially offset by loan growth. We also provided our capital metrics under the standardized approach, which remained relevant for CCAR comparison. Here, our CET1 ratio is higher at 11.5%. Supplementary leverage ratios were both the parent and the bank continue to exceed US regulatory minimums that take effect in 2018.
Turning to slide 6, on an average basis, total loans were up $22 billion, or 3% from Q4 2015. Versus Q3 2016, we saw a pickup in growth driven by holiday spending on credit cards and some late quarter growth in commercial activity. Looking at loans by business segment and in all other, year-over-year, loans in all other were down $26 billion driven by continued runoff of first and second lien mortgages while loans in our business segments were up $48 billion or 6%.
Consumer Banking led with 8% growth. We continue to see growth in residential real estate. As the pipeline from Q3 2016 flowed through, vehicle lending was solid, home equity paydowns and runoff continued to outpace originations. In Wealth Management, we saw year-over-year growth of 7% driven by residential real estate. Global Banking loans were up 6% year-over-year and on the bottom right chart, note the $64 billion in year-over-year growth in average deposits that Brian mentioned.
Turning to asset quality on slide 7, one can see clear evidence of our responsible growth strategy. Credit quality metrics remain strong, perhaps best symbolized by our net charge-off ratio, which hit a record low of 39 basis points this quarter. Our strong credit quality metrics are a manifestation of our overall risk management, which has been transformed since 2008 and we expect our performance to bode well as we move through economic cycles.
Total net charge-offs of $880 million improved slightly from Q3 and are down $264 million from Q4 2015. Provision expense of $774 million declined $76 million from Q3 and $36 million from Q4 2015. A net reserve release in the quarter of $106 million was slightly higher than Q3 2016 as we released $75 million of energy reserves given improvement in asset quality and current stability in energy prices.
The Q4 2016 total net reserve release was roughly a third the amount released in Q4 2015 as consumer real estate releases continue to moderate lower. Our allowance to loan ratio this quarter was 1.26% with a current coverage level 3 times our annual net charge-offs.
On slide 8, we break out credit quality metrics for both our consumer and commercial portfolios. As you can see, charge-offs improved in both periods with consumer real estate driving consumer improvement and reduced energy losses driving commercial improvement. We saw improvement in most of our other credit metrics.
Turning quickly to slide 9, net interest income on a GAAP non-FTE basis was $10.3 billion, $10.5 billion on an FTE basis. Compared to Q4 2015, NII this quarter was relatively stable after adding back the $612 million charge we incurred last year when we called some TruPS securities. Compared to Q3 2016, NII was up $91 million. NII benefited in the quarter from solid loan and deposit growth. We also saw some modest benefit in NII from higher interest rates. Partially offsetting these benefits was market-based hedge ineffectiveness totaling $169 million related to the accounting for our long-term debt and associated swaps where we have swapped interest payments from fixed to floating. This ineffectiveness is recorded in NII and will revert to zero over the remaining life of the debt. It is just a timing issue caused by accounting rules.
While I'm not likely to give specific NII guidance in most quarters, the move in Q1 2017 is expected to be significant, so we wanted to provide some near-term perspective. As you think about Q1 2017 versus Q4 2016, the benefit from the absence of negative market-related ineffectiveness will be offset by two less days in the quarter, so you can effectively take this quarter's NII as a starting point.
Now assuming interest rates remain at current levels and we see modest loan and deposit growth, we believe we will earn approximately $600 million in additional NII in Q1, primarily driven by the Q4 rate increases in both the long and short end. From there, we would expect continued growth in 2017 assuming modest loan and deposit growth and stable short and long-term interest rates. With respect to asset sensitivity as of 12/31, an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in rates is estimated to increase NII by $3.4 billion over the subsequent 12 months.
Turning to slide 10, non-interest expense was $13.2 billion. That's an improvement of more than $800 million or 6% from Q4 2015 and as you can see, the reductions are across the Company in virtually all line items of expense. Our productivity projects and efforts to simplify how we get our work done and how we deliver for our clients are driving these reductions.
Q4 litigation expense was $246 million, which is fairly consistent with Q3 2016, but lower than the $400 million recorded in Q4 2015. Our employee base declined 2% from Q4 2015. However, we continue to invest in growth by adding primary sales associates across Consumer, across Wealth Management and across Global Banking. As a reminder, in Q1, similar to past years, we expect to incur roughly $1.3 billion for retirement-eligible incentives and seasonally elevated payroll tax expense. Additionally, if we were to see a normal seasonal rebound in capital markets-based activity, we would most likely see an associated increase in expense.
Turning to the business segments and starting with Consumer Banking on slide 11, this business is generating above-average deposit growth, solid loan growth, improving customer satisfaction and strong growth in earnings. Consumer Banking earned $1.9 billion and produced a 22% return on allocated capital this quarter. I would note that pre-tax, pre-provision earnings rose more than $400 million or 12%. 7% expense and 5% NII improvement were both notable and enough to more than offset higher provision expense and prior-year divestiture gains. Revenue was up 1% compared to Q4 2015 as NII growth was partially offset by the absence of approximately $100 million of divestiture gains in Q4 2015 as we sold the last of our larger, non-core affiliate portfolios in that quarter.
Credit quality remains good and provision was higher primarily as a result of reserve releases in the year-ago quarter. Consumer continued to lower expenses and the efficiency ratio dropped nearly 500 basis points to 53% from Q4 2015 with good pricing discipline, rate paid on the deposits remained a steady 4 basis points and the operating cost of deposits was also steady at 160 basis points.
Turning to slide 12 and looking at key trends, first, in the upper left, the stats are a reminder of our strong competitive position. Looking a little closer at the revenue drivers compared to Q4 2015, while we report NII and noninterest revenue separately, it's important to emphasize again that our strategy is to focus on relationship deepening and growing total revenue while improving operating leverage through expense discipline. Our relationship deepening is improving NII and balance growth while holding the fee line flat as we reward customers for doing more business with us.
We believe the overall result is more satisfied customers whose balances are more sticky over time. We continue to see strong client enrollment in our preferred rewards programs. For the year, we enrolled 1.2 million clients in preferred rewards and that's up 42% from 2015. We are seeing a 99% retention rate for customers enrolled in preferred reward. Average deposits continue their strong growth, up $54 billion, or 10% year-over-year, outpacing the industry.
With respect to card, spending levels and new issuances were strong; however, the industry trend of increasing reward costs continues to mitigate our overall card revenue growth. By the way, this makes it even more important to hold down acquisition costs for the use of our branch network to source and fulfill customer demand. I would also emphasize that our underwriting standards in card result in a relatively higher quality new card customers that, on the one hand, have higher spending habits, but, on the other hand, receive more rewards.
Turning to expenses, in the upper right, they declined 7% in Q4 2015 despite higher FDIC assessment charges between the two periods. Digitalization and other productivity improvements continue to help us drive down costs in our delivery network. Focusing on client balances on the left, in addition to deposit growth, client brokerage assets at $145 billion are up 18% versus Q4 2015 on strong account flows and market valuations. We also increased the number of Merrill Edge accounts by 11% versus Q4 2015. We now have more than 1.7 million households that leverage our financial solution advisors and self-directed investing platforms.
Moving across the bottom of the page, note that the average loans are up 8% from Q4 2015 on strong mortgage and vehicle lending growth. Loan growth reflected total consumer real estate production of $22 billion, up 29% from Q4 2015 and 7% higher than Q3 2016 as the prior quarter's pipeline came through. We retained about three quarters of first mortgage production on the balance sheet this quarter. As you might imagine, the sudden rise in long-term rates caused a noticeable decline in applications to refinance, driving the overall mortgage pipeline down 43% from the end of Q3. Auto lending was up 15% from Q4 2015 with average book FICO scores remaining well above 750 and net losses of 35 basis points.
On US consumer card, average balances grew from Q3 aided by seasonal holiday spending. And spending on our credit cards adjusted for divestitures was up 10% compared to Q4 2015.
Okay, turning to slide 13. We remain an established leader in digital banking. With improvements like our Spanish app and contactless sign-in, we continue to see momentum in digital banking adoption. Mobile banking continues to transform how our customers bank and we expect to introduce our artificial intelligence application, Erica, this year. She will add to both the functionality and excitement around digital banking. Importantly, as adoption rises, particularly around transaction processing and self-service, we expect to see efficiency and customer satisfaction improve.
I won't go through all the details on this slide, but mobile devices now represent 19% of all deposit transactions and represent the volume of more than 880 financial centers. Sales on digital devices continue to grow and now represent 20% of total sales. While these trends are important, and continue to transform how consumers interact with us, I would remind you that we still have nearly a million people a day walking into our financial centers across US. Many of these customers still use our branches to transact, but many also use the branch as a financial destination where they can learn more about products and services, work face-to-face with a specialized professional and generally improve their financial lives.
Turning to slide 14, Global Wealth & Investment Management produced earnings of $634 million, which is up modestly from Q4 2015 on solid operating leverage. The business continues to undergo meaningful change as firms and clients adapt to the new fiduciary rules and other market dynamics. We remain well-positioned with market-leading brands and a wide range of investment service options ranging from fully advised to self-directed with guided investing for those who want something in between. We also have strong margins and returns, as well as resources to help us manage through market dynamics and customer trends.
Year-over-year noninterest income declined $104 million as higher asset management fees were more than offset by lower transactional revenue. A 4% decline year-over-year in expenses drove a 170 basis point improvement in operating leverage from Q4 2015. The decline was driven by the expiration of the amortization of advisor retention rewards that were put in place at the time of the Merrill Lynch merger. Other declines were the result of work across many categories of expense more than offsetting higher litigation and FDIC costs compared to last year.
Moving to slide 15, we continue to see overall solid client engagement. Client balances climbed to $2.5 trillion driven by market values, solid long-term AUM flows and continued loan and deposit growth. $19 billion of long-term AUM flows include clients transferring assets from AUM, clients transferring assets to AUM from IRA brokerage. Average deposits of $257 billion were up 2% from Q4 2015. Average loans of $146 billion were up 7% year-over-year. Growth remained concentrated in consumer real estate.
Turning to slide 16, Global Banking  $1.6 billion, which was up 11% year-over-year. Global Banking continues to drive loan growth within its risk and client frameworks, continued stabilization in oil prices and improvement in exposures drove provision expense lower in Q4 2016. Investment banking fees were down 4% from Q4 2015 as strong debt underwriting activity was more than offset by lower advisory and equity issuance fees. Expenses decreased from Q4 2015 despite the addition of new commercial and business bankers and increased FDIC costs. The efficiency ratio improved to 45% in Q4. Return on allocated capital increased to 17% despite adding a couple billion dollars of allocated capital this year.
Looking at trends on slide 17 and comparing Q4 last year, relative to Q3 2016, we saw a pickup in lending with average loans on a year-over-year basis up $19 billion, or 6%. Growth was broad-based across large corporates and middle-market borrowers and it was diversified across industries. Average deposits increased from Q4 2015, up $6 billion or 2% from both new and existing clients.
Switching to Global Markets on slide 18, the business had another solid quarter. Given our broad product and geographic footprint, we were well-positioned to help clients address volatility around the elections and central bank policy uncertainty both in the US and abroad. We continue to invest in and enjoy leadership positions across a broad range of products. This business is another great example of our focus on improving operating leverage. Revenue grew 8% excluding net DVA while expenses declined 10%. Global Markets earned $658 million and returned 7% on allocated capital in what is typically the most seasonally challenged quarter of the year.
For the year, the return on allocated capital was 10% as sales and trading revenue ex-DVA grew 5% while expense declined. It is worth noting that we achieved these results with a stable balance sheet, lower VAR and 7% fewer people. Continued expense discipline drove cost 10% lower year-over-year led by reductions in operating and support costs.
Moving to trends on slide 19 and focusing on the components of our sales and trading performance, sales and trading revenue of $2.9 billion, excluding DVA, was up 11% from Q4 2015 driven by FICC. In terms of revenue, while we experienced a normal seasonal decline versus Q3, this Q4 was our second best fourth quarter in five years. Excluding net DVA and versus Q4 2015, FICC sales and trading of $2 billion increased 12%. Mortgages showed particular strength among the credit products as investors sought yield. It was a challenging market for municipals. With the exception of rates, we saw an improvement in trading of macro products, equity sales and trading was solid at $948 million, up 7% versus Q4 2015. Flows were strong in the second half of the quarter driven by changing investor sentiment after the US elections, which drove a favorable environment for derivatives as clients repositioned across industries. We were able to help many clients who were underweight equities leading up to the election add exposure.
On slide 20, we show all other, which reported a net loss of $95 million. This quarter includes a $132 million charge to add to our PPI reserve. You will also note that this quarter includes no debt security gains. Equity investment income was only $56 million and there was little to no gains from asset sales. Given the increase in rates and our progress with respect to reducing non-core assets, this quarter's results are more reflective of future trends with respect to these two line items. All others Q4 2016 loss includes a net benefit from some tax matters of roughly $500 million, which reduced our tax rate in the quarter to 22%. Excluding those matters, the effective tax rate would have been about 31%. I would expect a similar tax rate of 31% for the average for 2017, excluding unusual items.
Okay, let me editorialize a little bit as I finish here. We reported solid results this quarter that capped a year filled with improvement. These results show that our strategy of responsible growth is working. One can see responsible growth in our deposit growth while maintaining good pricing discipline. You can see it in the reduction in our expenses even as we continue to invest in the future of the franchise. And you can see it in the deepening of relationships with our customers and clients. Our focus on responsible growth is helping us return more capital to shareholders and today's announcement of an increase in our share repurchase authorization is another example of that.
Responsible growth has also driven the transformation of our risk profile, which is evident in our credit risk metrics and something we believe will differentiate us through future economic cycles. And responsible growth is driving operating leverage, which is visible in each of our lines of business. Lastly, responsible growth has put us in a solid position to benefit in 2017 from higher interest rates. With that, I will open it up to Q&A.