
Good morning everybody on the phone as well as the webcast. Thanks for joining us this morning.
Before I turn the call over to Brian and Bruce, let me just remind you we may make forward-looking statements today. For further information on those, please refer to the website and our SEC filings about our forward-looking statement information.
So without further ado let me turn it over to Brian, our CEO.

Thanks, Lee, and good morning to all of you and thank you for joining us to review our fourth-quarter results.
As we talked over the last several quarters, we have been on a journey of simplifying our company and we talked to you about some consistent areas of focus: capital generation, reducing our cost, managing the risk down, addressing the legacy issues and driving business growth overall. Each quarter you have seen the progress our teammates have made and the momentum is becoming more evident.
On the first page, slide two, of the deck you can see the annual comparisons that will show you the progress over the last couple years. First, we have improved the balance sheet. Our Tier 1 common capital has grown 16% this year.
Liquidity and time to required funding have further strengthened. This strength in capital and liquidity allowed us to begin returning capital through share buybacks to shareholders in 2013.
Another area of our early focus has been rightsizing our expense base. We have been meeting the goals of our cost programs each year. While we make progress on this each quarter, there is still significant progress when you look across the last couple years.
After reporting expenses, excluding goodwill and impairment of $77 billion in 2011, we have worked that number down to $69 billion in 2013. As we have been clear with you, we expect additional cost savings in 2014 as we continue to execute on both our new BAC and our legacy assets and servicing initiatives.
We have also focused on addressing our legacy mortgage issues, and although we still have work to do, we have made progress. On our credit costs and our provision costs we see tremendous results as net loss rates in our portfolios are levels not seen in nearly a decade. As a result of all this work earnings have improved significantly, but we still have not approached the true earnings potential of Bank of America.
So as we move to slide two let's talk about recent results in the business on a business-by-business basis. We have been delivering solid growth and activity in relationships across all the groups of our customers and clients we serve. Let me highlight a few of those for you.
Deposit levels continue to reach records each quarter. While this growth has been occurring in balances, the rate paid has been declining to what we believe is low against our peers, that 8 basis points in our consumer business. Our operating costs, which we focus on heavily, of our deposit business has declined to just 200 basis points now.
Driving this improvement is the work we have done to optimize our delivery network, our stores, in response to customer behavior changes across time. Banking centers over-the-counter transactions continue to go down, but ATM, online, and mobile transactions continue to grow. We understand this and we observed this in our customers and we are working with them to capitalize on arguably the largest and best positioned branch network in banking.
However, branches do remain a critical component of everything we do. We have about 8 million customer visits a week, the kind of traffic that we really appreciate and most retailers would give their right arm for. Meanwhile, as that traffic comes in, the customer behavior continues to shift to ATMs, online, and mobile, and that is giving us the opportunity to be more efficient at the same time continuing to deliver innovative products to our customers.
When you move to our mass affluent customer base we have seen deepening across the customer relationships. Merrill Lynch brokerage assets continue their strong growth. We have invested heavily in the salesforce for what we call our specialist salesforce and that has grown to 6,700 people in 2013. Looking at what that salesforce has been able to do, this year we opened 350,000 new Merrill Edge accounts; 125,000 new small business deposit and card accounts as well during 2013.
As we move to our industry-leading global wealth investment management business, we continue to break records on top line and profitability. We just recorded the best year in the Company's history for wealth management results. We have more customers and clients doing more business with us and now we manage client assets of over $2.4 trillion.
In our global banking business loan flows have been very strong, now growing for six consecutive quarters. Investment banking is coming off a very strong year and a very strong fourth quarter where we have once again maintained our number two position overall, improved in fees overall, and grew market share year over year.
As we look at our trading business, or our global markets business, we have been really pleased with the success we have had in equities over the past year and that has helped offset some of the industry challenges facing the larger FIC business that we had. Now both remain very important customer-facing businesses for us. They face some tough regulatory changes as the rules have changed about what the scope of activities is over the past couple of years, but the team under Tom Montag has been managing those changes well.
Importantly, we rank for the third year as a top global research firm. All-in-all we believe, if you think back, 2013 was a significant year for the progress this company has made against all the focus areas I mentioned earlier. As we look to 2014, we are well positioned as a company to meet our customers' needs by delivering the whole company to every client and every customer and winning in the marketplace.
With that brief introduction I would like to turn it over to Bruce to cover the numbers for the quarter. Bruce?

Great. Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I am going to start and go through the fourth-quarter results starting on slide number four.
We earned $3.4 billion, or $0.29 per diluted share, this quarter. Total revenues in the quarter on an FTE basis were in line with the third quarter of 2013 at $21.7 billion and were $22.3 billion if we exclude the negative impact of FVO and DVA as a result of the significant credit spread tightening we saw in our credit spreads during the quarter.
Our revenues benefited from increased net interest income, strong investment banking and wealth management fees during the quarter, and were partially offset by lower equity investment gains. Total noninterest expense of $17.3 billion increased from the third quarter of 2013 as a result of increased litigation costs, which were $2.3 billion during the quarter.
If we back those litigation costs out and back out $1.4 billion of the foreclosure look back expense that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2012, our expenses during the quarter declined $300 million from the third quarter of 2013 and $1.4 billion from the fourth quarter of 2012. Asset quality continued its improvement and resulted in provision expense of only $336 million.
I would also mentioned two additional items that impacted results during the quarter. As I mentioned, FVO and DVA $618 million and we also recorded discrete tax benefits of approximately $500 million during the quarter that were driven by tax items that were related to non-US operations as well as the resolution of certain global tax matters.
On slide five you can see that our period end balance sheet came in at $2.1 trillion, below the prior quarter on lower trading assets versus that third quarter of 2013. Ending loans declined $6 billion due to the decline in residential loans in our discretionary portfolio. Outside of residential mortgages, client and customer lending reflected good commercial and seasonal credit card growth that was offset by expected declines that we have within our runoff portfolios.
Period-end deposits grew $9 billion from the record levels that we saw during the third quarter of 2013.
Moving down the page tangible book value improved to $13.79 as the full benefit of earnings was partially offset by a negative move in AOCI as a result of higher rates. Tangible common equity increased to 7.2% during the quarter and during the quarter we repurchased 92 million common shares for roughly $1.4 billion.
The last thing that I would mention on this slide is, despite the earnings of $3.4 billion, our return on tangible common equity at 8.6% remains lower than we would like it to be, but we continue to make very good progress on this front.
On slide six, you can see our Basel I Tier 1 common ratio of 11.19% increased from the third quarter of 2013. If we look at Basel III on a fully phased-in basis, we remain above our 8.5% 2019 minimum requirement under both the standardized as well as the advanced approaches.
Let's first look at the advanced approach. Under that approach Tier 1 common capital increased from the third quarter of 2013 to more than $132 billion. Our Basel III risk-weighted assets remain steady at $1.3 trillion and our common ratio improved slightly from the third quarter of 2013 to 9.96%.
Under the standardized approach, our estimate of Basel III Tier 1 common ratio improved a touch from the third quarter of 2013 and remained slightly above 9%. If we turn to the supplementary leverage ratios, based on the proposed US requirements that are expected to take effect in 2018, as of the end of 2013 our bank holding company leverage ratio improved from the third quarter of 2013 and continues to exceed the proposed minimum of 5%.
Looking at our primary bank subsidiaries, BANA and FIA, they also continue to both be in excess of the 6% proposed minimums. The last point I would make on this topic the BCBS published final supplementary leverage rules over the weekend, and while we do note some improvements from the original proposal, we are still evaluating the exact impact to us.
If we turn to slide seven, funding and liquidity, our long-term debt ended the quarter $6 billion lower which further improved our funding cost. Global excess liquidity sources during the quarter increased $17 billion to $376 billion and was driven by our strong deposit flows. The time to required funding at the parent company increased to 38 months. As we look at 2014 we have $31 billion of parent company maturities during the year and once again we would expect the issuances to be below that number as we both reduce as well as smooth the maturity profile of that debt footprint.
The other thing I would mention is that we do expect to see some additional issuance within our banks this year, given the applicability of the new liquidity rules and how they apply to the bank subsidiaries.
If we turn to slide eight, net interest income, our net interest income on an FTE basis was $11 billion, which was $520 million over the third quarter of 2013. The fourth quarter of 2013 did include $210 million of positive benefits in market-related adjustments driven by lower premium amortization from slower prepay assumptions on mortgage-backed securities as long-term rates rose 30 basis points from the end of 2013 to the end of 2014.
Our net interest income excluding those adjustments was $10.8 billion, representing a $241 million increase from the third quarter of 2013. Roughly two-thirds of that improvement was driven by traded-related net income and the balance, once again excluding market-related adjustments, was driven by lower long-term debt levels and, to a lesser degree, higher deposit levels and lower rates paid. Net interest income in those benefits was partially offset by lower consumer loan balances and lower yields.
As a result of these different factors, our net interest yield, excluding market-related adjustments, improved from 2.44% in the third quarter of 2013 to 2.51% in the fourth quarter of 2013.
As we move into 2014, I do want to remind you that the first quarter includes two less interest accrual days so the Q4 2013 base of just below $10.8 billion, excluding the market-related adjustments, all else being equal would start at roughly $10.6 billion for the first quarter of 2014. Our asset sensitivity position remains positioned to benefit from higher rates, particularly from the short end of the curve.
If we move to expenses, as I mentioned earlier noninterest expense was $17.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013 and included a $2.3 billion charge for litigation expense. Litigation expenses increased $1.2 billion from the third quarter of 2013 as we continued to evaluate our legacy exposures, largely our MBS litigation, which led to additional reserves. Excluding litigation, total expenses were $15 billion during the quarter which compares favorably to the $15.3 billion in the prior quarter and $16.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012.
Our legacy assets and servicing costs, once again excluding litigation, declined nearly $400 million from the third quarter of 2013 and were below $2 billion this quarter as we previously guided. This drove the $300 million improvement in expenses adjusted for litigation in the quarter. As we continue to reduce the delinquent loans serviced over the course of 2014 and reduce operating costs, we expect the fourth quarter of 2014 LAS cost, excluding litigation, to be roughly $1.1 billion.
Move for a moment to new BAC, the benefits from new BAC in the most recent quarter were offset by a small seasonal uptick in costs when comparing to the third quarter of 2013. And when comparing to the fourth quarter of 2012 our new BAC savings are partially offset by roughly $300 million of increases from revenue-related costs on higher global banking in markets and GWIM revenues. We remain on track to achieve the expected $2 billion of new BAC cost savings in mid 2015 as these initiatives wind down near the end of 2014.
If we move to the number of full-time equivalent employees, we ended the quarter at 242,000 employees, a decline of more than 5,000, or 2.3%, from the third quarter of 2013. And that was split pretty evenly between staff reductions in LAS and the production side of the mortgage business as volumes declined and, to a lesser extent, we reduced staff associated with our branch optimization.
Before I leave expenses, I do want to remind you all that the first quarter typically includes the annual cost of incentives for retirement eligible associates. And once again we expect in the first quarter of 2014 that number to be approximately $900 million, which is consistent with what we saw in each of the first quarters of 2012 and 2013.
If we move to slide 10 on asset quality, you can see that credit quality once again improved nicely. Net charge-offs declined to a reported $1.6 billion or a net loss ratio of 68 basis points. The quarter did include $144 million of charge-offs related to clarification of regulatory guidance on accounting for TDRs in the home loans portfolios. If we exclude that change, net charge-offs were approximately $1.4 billion, or 62 basis point net loss ratio, and improved $250 million, or 15%, from the third quarter of 2013.
Delinquencies, which are obviously a leading indicator of net charge-offs, declined again as well. Our fourth quarter provision expense was $336 million on the back of this steadily improving consumer data, resulting in a reserve release of $1.1 billion excluding the regulatory guidance change. As we move into 2014 we continue to see credit quality improve.
Let's now move into a discussion of the businesses and I am going to start on slide 11 with consumer and business banking. Within this segment we delivered improved earnings from both the previous quarter as well as the prior year's quarter. Net income of nearly $2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013 is up 11% from the prior quarter [and] 36% from the fourth quarter of 2012.
Stability in revenues, lower credit costs, as well as expense reductions driven by network optimization drove the improvement in both periods. If we take a step back and review customer activity during the quarter, we saw our average deposits grow steadily in rates paid down to 8 basis points. Our brokerage assets increased 7% from the third quarter of 2013 and are up 26% year over year on both improved market valuation as well as account flows.
Our consumer card loans show seasonal growth this quarter as well as continued strong issuance with 1 million cards issued during the quarter.
I would note that our fourth quarter of 2013 balances reflect the reclassification of roughly $1 billion of an affinity portfolio that was moved to loans held for sale and we would expect seasonality to move these balances lower in the first quarter of 2014. Our risk-adjusted margin on credit cards is now back above 9%, driven by seasonal spending and improved credit quality as net charge-offs and delinquencies continued to improve.
Our expense levels during the quarter do include approximately $112 million of litigation costs and that masked the benefit of our delivery network optimization as mobile banking usage continues to increase and we continue to consolidate banking centers.
Let's move to slide 12, consumer real estate services, which as you all know represents only 8% of the Company's revenues. In our supplemental information we report two separate components of this segment, one focused on loan origination and the other focused on servicing and legacy issues.
As we signaled last quarter, our first mortgage retail originations of $11.6 billion were down 49% from the third quarter as the amount and level of refinancing opportunities slowed given the rising rate environment. Locked volumes declined 37%, leading to lower core production revenue. We continue to reduce our production staffing levels to be consistent with these lower volumes that we are experiencing.
Our rep and warrant expense was $70 million during the quarter and declined by roughly $250 million from the third quarter of 2013, which benefited Mortgage Banking income.
One item I do want to mention from the appendix of our slide deck is on page 20 regarding rep and warrant exposure. We did receive increased levels of private-label claims, but it is important to note that the vast majority showed no evidence that the claimant reviewed the individual loan file ahead of the submission. That obviously impacts the overall claim quality and, therefore, the process for claims resolution.
The other primary revenue component in this segment, servicing revenue, declined $54 million from the third quarter of 2013 as a result of our smaller servicing portfolio.
From a cost of servicing perspective our number of 60-plus day delinquent loans dropped 73,000 to 325,000 units at the end of 2013. As a result of this once again, our LAS expense, ex litigation, declined nearly $400 million during the quarter to $1.8 billion.
Global wealth and investment management on slide 13, this represents 21% of our company's revenue and our wealth management business achieved records for net income in both the quarter as well as for the full year of 2013. Within this segment both Merrill Lynch as well as U.S. Trust maintain their strong leadership positions managing a total of $2.4 trillion in client balances.
Revenue approached $4.5 billion in the quarter, increasing 7% year over year and 2% on a linked-quarter basis. I would also note it is the fourth consecutive quarter in which the pretax margin was above 25%.
Our asset management fees once again achieved a new record during the quarter, driving the revenue improvement from the third quarter of 2013. Our client engagement remains strong and market levels are providing an additional tailwind.
Our long-term AUM flows for the quarter were $9.4 billion and $48 billion for the year, nearly doubling the 2012 production level. Ending deposits also grew nicely again and our ending client loan balances of almost $119 billion reached record levels as we continue to see very good activity in both consumer real estate as well as our security space lending.
Turning to slide 14, global banking, our fourth-quarter earnings of $1.3 billion show good growth over the third quarter of 2013 with strong investment banking results, but are down from the fourth quarter of 2012 due to higher provision expense. Provision in the year-ago quarter included reserve releases while we built reserves in the fourth quarter of 2013 associated with the commercial loan growth that we have seen.
While we are on credit quality, I would note that our net charge-offs within the banking segment for the quarter were only $7 million versus $132 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $35 million in the third quarter of 2013.
Our expenses reflect effective cost control, but also reflect increases related to revenue-related compensation for investment banking. Our investment banking fees this quarter across the Company were a record $1.74 billion, up 9% from the fourth quarter of 2012 and 34% from the third quarter of 2013. Based on deal logic we did maintain our number two position in fees with an 8% market share. In addition, during the quarter we ranked number one in America's investment banking fees with a 10.7% market share.
During 2013 we advised on 10 of the top 20 announced M&A deals. And as we move into 2014 the pipeline remains strong.
If we move to the balance sheet, average loans increased $8.8 billion from the third quarter with solid C&I growth, particularly in large corporate and healthcare, along with growth in commercial real estate. Our average growth did outstrip our $2.3 billion end-of-period growth as we funded several deals near the end of the third quarter of 2013 which benefited the overall average balances. We see solid customer demand for loans as we head into 2014, but would note that competition is particularly aggressive for middle market loans.
Lastly on banking, our average deposits increased almost $20 billion from the third quarter of 2013 as our customers continue to show strong liquidity.
We switched to global markets on slide 15. Ex-DVA we earned $341 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, consistent with the fourth quarter of 2012 but down $190 million compared to the third quarter of 2013 after we exclude the UK tax charge. Higher revenue in both comparisons was offset by litigation costs, mostly associated with RMBS securities litigation.
Our sales and trading revenue, once again ex-DVA was $3 billion, 19% above the fourth quarter of 2012 and in line with what we saw in the third quarter of 2013. Our fixed sales and trading revenue were up roughly $300 million, or 16%, compared to the fourth quarters of 2012 as the strength we saw in our credit and mortgage businesses more than offset slowness in both rates and commodities. Our fourth quarter of 2013 did include roughly a $200 million benefit from recoveries on certain legacy positions within the FIC business.
Our equity sales and trading area finished a very strong year. Revenues, although down 7% from the third quarter of 2013, were up 27% over the fourth quarter of 2012 as we continue to benefit from the repositioning of this business over the past 18 months. We gained market share and improved our performance in each of the different product lines.
Expenses excluding litigation showed very good cost controls and small increases in line with revenue improvement. Our average trading-related assets are down $54.3 billion, or 11%, from the year-ago period and are generally flat with the third quarter of 2013.
On slide 16 we show you the results of all other. Profitability this quarter compared to the third quarter of 2013 declined as the tax benefits this quarter that I described earlier were more than offset by lower revenue and less reserve release.
The revenue decline from the third quarter of 2013 was driven by lower equity investment gains -- if you recall we sold CCB shares during the third quarter of 2013 -- as well as more negative FVO valuations. The expense within all other includes $250 million of litigation in the fourth quarter of 2013. Lastly, I would note we expect an effective tax rate of approximately 30% in 2014 absent any unusual items.
Before we open it up for questions, let me make a few comments on the quarter. Capital and liquidity have never been stronger. On the revenue side customer activity drove stronger core business results. Our consumer banking saw a modest improvement on card income and service charges after troughing in early 2013.
Our global wealth and investment management business had a record year. Our global banking had a record year as well with higher investment banking fees and stronger lending activity. And our global markets business is performing well against the market opportunities that they are seeing. We kept our cost initiative work on track and credit improvement continues its track towards historic lows.
We also made significant progress in 2013 in continuing to resolve legacy mortgage matters with the more significant ones being settlements with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, on GSE rep and warranty issues, MBIA in the monoline space, and the Luther Maine State class-action suit in the private label area of RMBS litigation. With that let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.