Answer_1:

    Good morning, Glenn. It is interesting, if we look at the commercial loan balances across the platform, the spread on the new originations was actually up slightly relative to both the fourth quarter of last year, as well as relative to the first quarter of last year. And it is interesting in that the loans that came on, not only were the spreads wider, but based on our internal risk ratings, the credit quality of what was being brought on was also stronger.
So we feel like we are doing -- the loans that we are bringing on, we are doing in a prudent way and you can see that, as you look at the -- in the supplements -- that a decent chunk of the loans that are being brought on are international, not any real concentrations, but both international, domestic and really across all products.

Answer_2:

    Yes, I think, Glenn, that's exactly right, that that $18.2 billion included the 900 from the retirement-eligible employees that only happens once a year. So you're right. As you go to the second quarter, the starting point should be $17.3 million.
The two other things that I would point out once again is that if you look at the compensation expense in the first quarter relative to the last couple quarters of last year, it was elevated by about $800 million based on the revenues that we saw within the sales and trading, the Global Banking and to a lesser extent the wealth management business. So we hope those repeat, but I would just highlight that that is a delta relative to the last several quarters of last year.
And then obviously, from that starting point, we would look to continue to drive down expenses based on the work that we have spoken about with New BAC that we would expect to achieve throughout the year.

Answer_3:

    I think we obviously are paying close attention to the different OLA proposals. I think if you look at the mix between the Merrill debt, as well as the BAC debt and you compare those dollar amounts relative to risk-weighted assets and you compare us relative to our peers, at least all the work that we have done suggests that we are at the very high end of the amount of debt and related instruments that we have relative to risk-weighted assets. So the rules obviously are not clear at this point. We feel like we are positioned very well based on what we understand the different proposals are that are out there realizing it still is moving around. So as we go throughout the year, we would expect, as I said, to continue to drive that footprint down not only in 2013, but throughout 2014 and we continue to be very focused on that, Glenn.

Answer_4:

    Glenn, I would add that there is also a rationalization of the footprint. Remember this was put on by various companies, not by one company that we have been restructuring. So even if there is an amount outstanding, the cost can come down because you can string it out. The rates paid are fairly high because they are different environments than we [bid] in and expect to be in the next couple years. So there is even value even if you said the notional wouldn't move as far based on some interpretation of the rules that gets the debt footprint more rational, more spread across time than it is today.

Answer_5:

    No, as I said, we referenced three things. The first was there was a gain that, as you look at that decline that was in the area of $250 million that I would categorize more quite frankly as a recovery than a gain that we had highlighted during the quarter last year. So a decent chunk of that was a gain that did not recur.
Then I think it is important, if you go and look at during the quarter what we saw, the financial spreads, which tend to be a fairly significant part of any FICC trading business, tightened significantly in the first quarter of last year and during the first quarter this year, start to finish, actually widened. So that was the second piece of it.
And then the third piece, as we referenced, is that commodities had a particularly strong quarter last year and did not have as strong a quarter this year. So those three general things. I would say flows generally continued to be very strong and as you look at where we were relative to the fourth quarter of last year, I actually think we continue to make good progress, but it was a little lumpy in the first quarter of last year.

Answer_6:

    And Matt, I would add that, as you think about how we are running the Global Markets business, if you look at our VAR and our risk-taking, we are keeping a balance relative to the rest of the Company. And so there will be times when people do better than we are and times when we will do better than them, but we are keeping a balance.
The second thing that Tom Montag and the team have worked on is the expense side. So you can see the operating leverage when you look across the first quarter last year and this year and importantly the fourth quarter of last year to this year. You can see that, with a little bit of revenue, you generate a lot more profit. And so the idea is we are keeping this business so that we can make good money at a $3 billion -- some money at a $3 billion trading revenue level in the aggregate in the business, a lot of money at the $5 billion level and you are seeing that play out.
So if you think about it, we made money I think every trading day in the quarter. The VAR was down and so I think we should be careful to think that we may not roar as much as some people might, other people might because this is one of the many businesses we have and we drive it for the benefit of the investing customers and also the issuing customer.

Answer_7:

    Yes, two things on that. The first is you probably saw -- I believe on April 1, we actually went ahead and issued the redemption notices for the $5.5 billion of preferreds that are outstanding. It is just under $500 million of preferred dividend savings that we will have on that and there was no requirement to issue to replace that. So as you look at that redemption, that is a good redemption where you can look at those savings.
As it relates to the common, we would expect to be balanced and work through the share repurchase throughout the year and really don't have much more to comment on than that.

Answer_8:

    Sure. So what we have said, it's a good question, we have said that, at the end of 2012 on a quarterly basis, we would achieve $900 million per quarter of New BAC cost saves at the end of in the fourth quarter of 2012. So as you look to adjust your models, we will take that $900 million a quarter that we would have had in the fourth quarter and that will grow to $1.5 billion by the fourth quarter of 2013. Some of that we achieved during the first quarter and we would expect to continue to achieve that throughout the year.
And then the second piece, outside of the more one-timers that we've talked about in the first quarter, were the LAS expenses where we have said we will get that number below $2.1 billion by the end of 2013 and we obviously got that from$ 3.1 billion in the fourth quarter down to $2.6 billion. So in addition to those compensation-related items, we have got those two levers to continue to drive expenses down during the balance of the year.

Answer_9:

    We have not given an exact number. I think what you should do is, if you go back to slide 9 and look at the red bar, we have said that there was $800 million of increased incentives in that $13.8 billion. That gets the number down to $13 billion. You should assume that part of the benefit between $13.3 billion and $13 billion related to New BAC, but we have not given an exact number.

Answer_10:

    Sure. It's a good question. One of the things, and I am going to walk through the different pieces and as it relates to overall litigation, as well as the rep and warrant, and I would ask you to flip back to slide 23 where we lay this out. And I think one of the things, Meredith, that we feel very good about the progress during the quarter is, if you walk through what we have laid out at the bottom of page 23, if we start with the reps and warrants, between the settlements at the beginning of 2011, as well as the Fannie settlement that we had at year-end, you can see that, as we lay out here, we are generally through the GSE exposure as it relates to rep and warrant.
You then go down to the monolines. There are three significant monolines that we did business with, five in total. We obviously have had previous settlements with two of those three monolines. The one that obviously gets a lot of press is MBIA that continues to be out there.
You then go down to the private-label rep and warrant and obviously the most significant piece of that is the Gibbs & Bruns settlement that will work through -- continues to work through the court process and we would expect the outcome of that to be during the third quarter of this year.
So as you look at reps and warrants, we are through a significant portion of that. We then -- if you then flip to the securities litigation, which is the other significant piece of the litigation expense, one of the reasons that we think the settlement that we announced today was significant is as I referenced. If we look at the original unpaid balance companywide of all of the securities that were underwritten, this settlement today relates to companywide about 70% of that.
So I don't think anyone is going to ever, at this point, declare complete victory. We do think that between the Fannie and related settlements and the lookback in the fourth quarter, as well as the settlement that we have announced today, that we are moving through in a pretty meaningful way this pipeline of items.

Answer_11:

    Sure. Thank you.

Answer_12:

    Sure. Once again, the RPL that we have within the rep and warrant will continue to be up to $4 billion. As we have said before, we cover -- at this point given we don't have repurchase history with the monolines, the monolines are covered within our litigation reserves and we have both litigation reserves, as well as range of possible loss for litigation and you should assume that there was some additional monies during the quarter in litigation expense that was set aside for the monolines.

Answer_13:

    That is correct. Not only -- claims or threatened claims, John.

Answer_14:

    Yes, the two most significant that are out there on the securities litigation that have been more public would be FHFA, as well as AIG.

Answer_15:

    That is our best sense. Far be it from us to forecast that process, but our best estimate, to your point, would be the third quarter.

Answer_16:

    Yes, I think, at this point, where we have guided is we have said that with the work that we have done that, ex any market-related impacts, that $10.5 billion is a good starting point. That number can bounce around, but I would continue to look at that $10.5 billion in the near term as the right starting point.

Answer_17:

    Yes, it's a good question, John. I think as we look at the charge-off and the move in charge-off -- to have almost a 20% decline in charge-offs I think speaks to the quality of the portfolio and the work that we had said had been done back in late '08 and early '09 as it relates to consumer underwriting. We have previously said that, as we look at provision, charge-offs will come down about the time that the releases also come down to get you to a level between 1.8 and 2.2. If you look at what we experienced this quarter and with what we are seeing as a trend, it clearly feels like we will be at the low end of that going forward.

Answer_18:

    Yes.

Answer_19:

    I would think about it at the bottom of the range at this point.

Answer_20:

    And John, as it is clear, it is all about the home finance side now. You see the credit card businesses continue to make some incremental improvement, but it has made a dramatic improvement from the high points going back several quarters. But it is really about mortgages and everything you hear about in the market that we are witnessing in our portfolios in terms of house price improvement. Activity level continues to -- will bear well on that as we look forward.

Answer_21:

    Yes, I think what we said is that roughly -- I think it was roughly $90 million to $100 million of the decline in servicing revenue was the result of the sales. We've said that we think, as we get to the end of the year, the sales will ultimately lead to a reduction in revenues of about $200 million related to the MSR sales. We obviously had a fair bit of that given that a decent chunk of the performing sales had an effective closed date on January 31. So we have clearly taken a piece of that and there's probably another $100 million a quarter to come relating to those sales by the end of this year.
Obviously, as you look at, and we tend not to just look at the revenue number, but we look at the contribution from a pretax perspective and obviously, as you see the work that we are doing within Legacy Assets & Servicing, we continue to think that the opportunities there are significant.

Answer_22:

    Yes, I think as we look at, at this point, the MSR balance was roughly $5.8 billion at the end of the first quarter. If we were to pro forma those sales throughout the year, assuming rates stay where they are, it gets you down to about a $5 billion number from an overall capital perspective. Plus or minus that feels about right. Obviously any change from that is going to be a function of the opportunities to originate things that make sense versus any type of accelerated prepayments that may or may not happen. But I think $5 billion from an MSR balance perspective is not a bad number to be looking at.

Answer_23:

    John, from the origination side, the first order of business was to, after we got out of the correspondent business, was to kind of get the business on an upward trajectory and if you go back and look starting in the fourth quarter '11, we've basically grown retail originations quarter after quarter after quarter. In this quarter again, we had another 15% odd off the fourth quarter last year.
But if you actually look at the headcount that you see on the pages, remember that we have got 1000 plus loan officers working this quarter that we didn't -- that weren't here last year that are trained and getting up to speed in the closing [rate]. So the next order of business is how to overcome the HARP refinancing levels, which we have in the portfolio and sort of get to a core run rate.
But there is no cap on us in terms of retail origination. We will do as much as we can do for our clients and you have seen us drive it forward every quarter and now we have more people, more trained, more up to speed, 4000 more people in the fulfillment area and we don't see the pipeline slowing down.

Answer_24:

    Yes, a couple things. If you look at the -- we talked about credit costs. Credit costs, I think within the business there was roughly a $30 million reserve release during the quarter that we wouldn't assume is necessarily going to continue. But I think if you look at overall pretax margin, we have been at kind of in the 20%, 21% area. This quarter was 26%. I think the assumption going forward is that we will clearly be north of the 21%, but I wouldn't expect that in the near term we run at 26% either.

Answer_25:

    Yes, I think the easiest way to look at it is, if you look at deltas, we had some of the market-based benefits that we quoted that were roughly $300 million during the quarter. A portion of that gets allocated to GWIM and if you look at the GWIM business, you can see that the net interest income was up about $100 million. So I will give you those pieces of data, but we are not going to quote exact numbers as to how we allocate that out, but it is a piece of that.

Answer_26:

    You are exactly right that once a borrower goes through the trial MOD period and gets to a permanent MOD, they need to be current for six months before we would look to bring those back in. And when you consider that number, realize that coming out of the National Mortgage Settlement, there was heightened modification activity during the third and fourth quarters in particular of last year. So we clearly would expect some of those to cross the six-month period during the second quarter, but realizing, if you go back to, I believe it was the third quarter when we adopted the regulatory guidance, the biggest of that $6 billion plus, north of $4 billion of that is the regulatory guidance that was given. So that is going to be the bigger piece of the two things.

Answer_27:

    As you can see, Betsy, on the page, you can see that the mortgage loan officers are up about 1000 year-over-year. We are still adding as we speak. The success of putting them in into the branch environments where you have the mortgage loan officer and FSA, personal bankers is multiples of the success in other branch environments and so we are just driving at that.
So I don't have -- the pipeline is still as strong as it has ever been. We are still -- we had thousands of people to get them closed on time and we are still working our tail off to get mortgage loans closed in time. I don't think there is any -- honestly there is any cap on where this could go. We still have tremendous opportunity within our client base that are unserved. The people, our clients go elsewhere to get their mortgages.
So we have seen it drive up 50% plus year-over-year, another $3 billion increase in  production fourth quarter to first quarter. So I challenge the team, they have got to outrun the HARP at some point because that will die off, although it has been extended. But I just -- I wouldn't tell you there is any sort of cap. I think we should be able to drive it up to more of our natural share in things like deposits and stuff, which is more than the 10% level over time.

Answer_28:

    Yes, but it's going to take time. I mean we are talking about -- we have been about 0.2% increase in marketshare each quarter. So this is a lot of activity, but at $24 billion of retail production, we are in the top couple there, top two or three and our view is we ought to be able to push that forward.

Answer_29:

    If we look at both combined MHA and HARP, that is just under 50% of the total for the quarter.

Answer_30:

    Yes, I think, I would say generally there was more of it this quarter than we probably would've thought coming into the year and we are headed, not to give an exact number, but as Brian referenced, I would say overall pipeline in activity, as we went through the first quarter, continued to be very strong.

Answer_31:

    I would expect that component though is probably at a strong point right now and will come down over the next three or four quarters just because frankly as we sell some of the servicing, some of that opportunity goes away. That was part of the transaction value that we got. But the key is, if you look at the non-HARP/HAMP type production, the non-HARP type production on making homes affordable production, you are seeing that grow at as fast a rate.

Answer_32:

    We have got enough to do with our own portfolio.

Answer_33:

    Sure. I would say generally throughout the quarter with some of the growth that we have seen, and I assume you are referring to Basel III, Betsy?

Answer_34:

    I think we continue, as we go through over the next couple quarters, we would just say what we've continued to say, which is that with where we are from a DTA perspective as we go forward pretax should be the way that generally we are creating capital and I think as it relates to different mitigation opportunities, the biggest thing that we see out there is that as home prices continue to move up and we continue to see the home equity portfolio amortize, which has been about $3.5 billion a quarter, that there is a fairly significant tailwind as it relates to reductions in risk-weighted assets there.
As we go forward, the runoff of the structured credit portfolio that we have, we would expect to accelerate as we go into '14, '15 and '16. And that will obviously be gone by the end of '17. So that is an opportunity and then the third thing I would say is that we continue to work through, and you can see we made progress on the private equity portfolio this quarter and we will continue to wrap that up.
So I think -- but the biggest item as we go forward is just going to be the pretax income line. But I do think that there will continue to be other opportunities to drive that as well.

Answer_35:

    We have not given an exact number that we would expect that to run off, but you should assume it is north of $20 billion of risk-weighted assets.

Answer_36:

    That's correct.

Answer_37:

    Sure. Well, I think, and Betsy, as we have spoken, I think there are three different metrics and ways that you get to looking at capital allocation and capital return. The first is obviously where your ratios are after stress through the CCAR process. And as you look at the results that we had, we ended up just above 6% after our ask, which, relative to our peers, we think positioned us well.
The second item, which, as you referenced, you moved to Basel III and we feel like we have done a very good job on Basel III and to your point are above the minimums, above buffers and feel like we have done a good job there.
And then the third, which is what you have heard us talking a lot about, is just driving the core earnings as the third component. And so we balanced all of those three. And I guess the other thing I would say, as you look at the ask, obviously we have got $5 billion that will get returned to the shareholders based on our plan, but I think -- I don't think you should also minimize though the other $5.5 billion that will go to redeem preferred stock because that preferred stock had coupons between 8% and 8 5/8%. It is not tax-deductible and we are not replacing it with other preferred stock.

Answer_38:

    So I think, Betsy, we were clear that we, a few quarters ago, we said we would do the 750, and I would say -- excuse me, Nancy -- you were at 750 and I think we're -- and you can see that that number is close to 5000. So think about that as 5400 odd, getting down to 5000. The point was, at the time, we did an optimization thought process, looked at it, looked at customer behavior and got that number and we are busily doing that in a very thoughtful way so that we retain a lot of customers, especially on the consolidation side. And then also obviously, as you know, Nancy, we have exited some of the markets and sold community banks where they can get the leverage and the operations that we can't get in some of those markets.
So the question of what happens next I think is probably a question that we take up as we get into '14 and think about what the customer behavior change has been because we are seeing a fairly strong change in the behavior of the customers evidenced by the mobile volumes. And so not only do we have a number mobile customers -- mobile customers goes up to about 10,000 a day to 12,600. It is also what they do. So 100,000 checks a day get deposited by people taking pictures of them and type the numbers.
So that behavioral change we have got to keep monitoring. At the same time, we are building the centers to be these more destination with the [FFAs], which are brokers in branches, mortgage loan officers and so that configuration I think we are still testing. So I don't know the exact answer, but because the near term is to get the other 400 changed that we are talking about through.
If you step back from it, look year-over-year, the branches are down, the customer satisfaction is up and the deposits are up strongly, which is a nice combination.

Answer_39:

    Think of us as a retailer looking at what the best way to get the most out of the market and serve our customers best. And that will always be a subject we will talk about and we are making massive investments in other ATM architecture, virtual ATMs in the mobile space to make sure that we are right with our customers.

Answer_40:

    Absolutely. And part of it is continuing to upgrade the system. So if you look at our Company between 2009 and 2015, we will have rewritten all the systems and we will bring systems, which are more standalone product systems, into systems which are consistent with a customer approach, Nancy.
So the kinds of inquiries you get where we can see it first in one system, not in another system. Those are going away, frankly getting out of multiple deposit systems helps and so our complaints are down a lot, our attrition is way down and so we are seeing the benefits of this as we go through it. But absolutely, this is all geared at maintaining a customer posture, customer satisfaction posture, which is up year-over-year and driving it to places we haven't driven before honestly based on all the tools we have.

Answer_41:

    I think that there are probably two things. I think that the $900 million built into the estimates, which we have every period as we look out there, I think it was in some, not in others. So I don't think there was uniformity on that across. And then I think the other item that was out there is, as we look at a lot of the analysts, as they look at core, they don't include any litigation number and obviously there was a $900 million litigation number. We obviously need that to come down, but when I mentioned to Meredith's question, I think getting this class-action and shrinking the tale risk with respect to our mortgage-backed security litigation, tale risk was a significant item for us and we were able to get through that this quarter being generally in line with what you all had expected.

Answer_42:

    It's hard for us to predict what is going to happen on the 30th. But I think, as we have spoken to, that the process, and we are obviously not a part of this. This is Bank of New York Mellon in their capacity as trustee and obviously, the standard and what needs to be worked through is did they go through and were they prudent and did they follow a process to getting to the point to say that this settlement made sense for investors. And so that will be the general topic. We are not going to predict what exactly happens on the 30th besides that we obviously wouldn't have entered into the settlement if we didn't think that there was a basis for it.

Answer_43:

    That's correct.

Answer_44:

    There is clearly a significant overlap. I think as you look at the people that were part of the settlement today tended to be people that would have been original purchasers of the securities. With respect to Gibbs & Bruns, they could have either been original purchasers or subsequent purchasers, but there is overlap and as we have said in the release that the people that were part of the settlement today, to the extent that Gibbs & Bruns gets approved, they will receive whatever they would have otherwise received as part of Gibbs & Bruns.

Answer_45:

    Yes, because, as we said in the release, this covers 80% of the Countrywide securities, of which Gibbs & Bruns was obviously a more than -- a very significant piece. So you're absolutely correct in that.

Answer_46:

    No, there is really nothing that we would say there. I think I would just reiterate though that, as you look at the component of what we settle today from a securities litigation perspective, as it relates to current outstanding amount, as well as what was originally underwritten, it is obviously a significant piece of that. We continue to want to resolve and get these legacy issues put behind us. At the same time, between the capital that we have built and the number of them that we have put behind us, it has to make sense for the shareholders.

Answer_47:

    I am not sure what you are talking about.

Answer_48:

    They are all in the litigation reserves, which are not on that page. Those are just the rep and warranty reserves. The monolines, the FHFA and those are in litigation reserves because FHFA and AIG are RMBS cases.

Answer_49:

    Well, the -- I want to make sure I understand the question. So within the -- as you go through the litigation reserves, we have reserves for those litigation items that we have the basis to reserve. To the extent that we don't have the basis to reserve, we have a range of possible loss. So as it relates to these items, those are the two ways that we work through the reserves.
In the litigation reserves, as we have said before, are where we house reserves for litigation matters, as well as, as I said, the monolines reside within that litigation bucket as well because we are in litigation with them. And then obviously as you move to the rep and warrant reserves, we have got the actual reserves and then we have also disclosed the range of possible loss for those items that we don't have the basis to reserve.

Answer_50:

    Well, I think that there is -- as we look, I would say that if we look at where we ended the quarter relative to where we started, I would say that it feels at this point that the spreads at this point have somewhat settled out. But obviously those spreads are going to be a function of activity versus capacity and we will have to see how that unfolds over the quarter.
We have obviously built up, and as Brian referenced, have built up the capacity to do what we need to do for our customers and we will just need to see where those margins go throughout the quarter. But, at this point, there was obviously a stepdown in margins during the first quarter. It feels to some extent as if that has leveled out, but we will have to see how it plays out over the second quarter.

Answer_51:

    You are right. The international component is obviously a very small component. Those are large -- they are almost exclusively either wholesale deposits that are out there. I am not sure you're going to see much movement in that. I think to your earlier question, where the majority of the deposits are and where the majority of the cost of the deposits are those housed in the US. And you can see that as we build up the core deposits, the amount of time deposits that we have here in the US, we would expect those to continue to come down. And as those come down, all other things being equal, you would expect deposits here domestically, the cost of those to continue to move down.

Answer_52:

    I think as I have said before, I think the OLA rules continue to evolve. If you look out at our annual filings that we have put out there, we have said that we are looking at does it make sense to have a Mellon Co. merged into BAC. That is ongoing work that continues. We believe ultimately, as the Merrill debt runs off and to the extent there is reissuance, it's at the Bank of America level, so we pick up that benefit. Like I said, as we look at any ratio, and as we consider the different rules, it feels like we will have more than enough in total parent company debt relative to risk-weighted assets.

Answer_53:

    Two things. The first is -- the one thing, when you mentioned it came down in the quarter, realize that one of the reasons why it came down is that we have included the $5.5 billion of preferred redemptions in the time to required funding, so that largely drove that.
But to your question, it is a good one. We would expect over time that the amount of parent company liquidity that we have would tend to come down over time. As we get through the '13 and '14 maturities, we still believe we can bring the parent company liquidity down, bring the cost of it down and you are right, we will keep time to required funding at at least two years. Initially given we work through maturities, that will stay elevated in the high 20s, 30, but the goal is to obviously flatten out the maturities and have that become more in the two-year area, which is consistent with what we have been saying for some time.

Answer_54:

    We have been driving the Company and so there has been two basic pieces of strategy. One is to continue to push the legacy issues and costs  out of the Company. At the same time, take the Company and drive the underlying business metric. So that has been going on and as we clean up more of the former, then the focus of the Company is on the latter. And involved in the latter -- in other words, driving the core Company was that we had say credit card, a big book of business that we were running off that, we are getting towards the end of that or less impact quarter-to-quarter and now we have got to grow the credit card business. So this quarter, I think we did 900,000 plus credit cards, which is the highest amount we have done in a quarter since 2008 or something like. 70% of those are through the branch structure and through the preferred business and things like that.
So the goal is to continue to drive this Company and get the value of the combination of all the pieces of businesses through it. It is not a new push. It is just as the other issues go away, this is what the team has to be focused on. So we are seeing great progress in some of the businesses and look at the GWIM business and look at the connectivity to the GWIM business. We literally have millions of referrals that go between businesses a year. We goal those at 30%, 50% increases every year and we see that number is being hit and it's tracked in every single market, 100 plus markets, with about 20 different pieces of business flows between businesses that we track and monitor on a monthly basis.
It is all geared to just driving the value of the franchise and frankly delivering the customers' entire franchise. And it appears in all the businesses, whether it is in the commercial business bringing our 401 platform, which is new to the Bank of America structure since Merrill came in and we just see that -- wins in that happening every day. It is bringing the capital markets expertise deep in our middle-market business. It is bringing the personal side of the wealth management business to our business entrepreneurs. It is all those things.
And so there is -- new is probably a word that overstresses it. It is what we have to do to drive the revenue and continue to work the expenses to produce the bottom line we need.

Answer_55:

    Yes, and I always -- Mike, one of the tough things is we have 260,000 people in this Company and a lot of them have been focused on this and it is just their time to shine and the rest of what Bruce and I have been working on and others, restructuring the balance sheet and getting the capital up, getting liquidity, legacy issues are starting to fade away.

Answer_56:

    I think that the -- the couple things that I would say is that the first is, and I am not going to drill into the Flagstar case, but I want to be clear, Flagstar gave a borrower fraud reference and that was part of that case, which is not something we have done. But at a high level, Mike, I would go back to -- that is correct. It is in the disclosure and as I said in my earlier comments, within the litigation reserve during the quarter, we reassess those every quarter and we did provide, within the litigation expense, some element of cost with respect to monolines during the quarter.

Answer_57:

    I think that the first thing is that the court is not opining on a number. They are either opining on approving or not approving and obviously, if they don't approve, we have set up reserves within the Countrywide securities, assuming that every trust gets to the 25% threshold. And so, obviously, if it doesn't get approved, this will revert back to going individual trust by trust and working through it. But I don't think it is appropriate to comment on reserves on something that we don't even -- don't know what -- the extent it's not going to happen.

Answer_58:

    That's correct. And I think the other important thing is when we set up the $8.5 billion to the Countrywide, we also used that same methodology with respect to bank-issued securitization rep and warrant to set up reserves based on the same methodology across the Company.

Answer_59:

    To be clear, the 50% was both MHA as well as HARP.

Answer_60:

    And it was slightly -- and in fact, if you think about it year-over-year, the growth rate of the non -- those activities -- has actually been as strong as the growth rate. And that is the challenge going forward is just how do we keep an originated broader product set. But right now, that is an opportunity, which is here and near and it goes away over time, but the rest of the production continues to grow at a fast pace also.

Answer_61:

    Within the consumer mortgage business?

Answer_62:

    Largely nonconforming. And obviously we are not looking to go out -- what we want to do is to provide the mortgage product and balance sheet for that, which there isn't another alternative and we are pressing hard within the different businesses. The mortgage activity within the wealth management business this quarter was very strong, as well as within the mass affluent client space. So that is largely the focus.

Answer_63:

    Just on the underwriting of those though, you should be rest assured that the underwriting is consistent with very strong underwriting that is going on in the industry totally right now.

Answer_64:

    Okay, I think we are through the questions. So once again thanks for joining us this morning and we will be talking with you next quarter.

