
Hello and welcome to our Q1 2016 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's view as of today, April 28, 2016 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2015. Now, I'll turn the call over to Brian.

Thanks, Phil. I'll begin with comments on our first-quarter financial results. Trailing 12-month operating cash flow increased 44% to $11.3 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased to $6.4 billion, up from $3.2 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow less lease principal repayments increased to $3.5 billion up from $1.5 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow less financed lease principal repayments and assets required under capital leases increased to $1.6 billion, up from an outflow of $1.2 billion.
Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $4.9 billion. Capital expenditures do not include the impact of property and equipment acquired under capital and finance and lease obligations. These capital expenditures and capital leases reflect additional investments in support of continued business growth due to investments in technology infrastructure, the majority of which is to support AWS and additional capacity to support our fulfillment operations.
The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 490 million shares compared with 483 million one year ago. Worldwide revenue increased 28% to $29.1 billion, or 29% excluding the $210 million unfavorable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange. Worldwide active customer accounts, excluding customers who only had pre-orders in the preceding 12-month period, exceeded 285 million. Worldwide paid unit growth was 27%. Worldwide seller units represented 48% of paid units.
Now, I'll talk about our segment results. In the first quarter of 2016, we began to allocate stock-based compensation and other operating expense net to our segment results. These amounts are combined and titled stock-based compensation and other in our segment results and reflect the way we now evaluate our business performance and manage our operations. For reference this quarter, I'll also mention segment operating income excluding stock-based compensation and other.
In the North America segment, revenue grew 27% to $17 billion. Media revenue grew 8% to $3.2 billion. EGM revenue grew 32% to $13.5 billion. North America segment operating income including stock-based compensation and other was $588 million, a 3.5% operating margin compared with $254 million in the prior year. This includes $5 million of favorable impact from foreign exchange. North America's segment operating income before stock-based compensation and other was $924 million, a 5.4% operating margin compared with $517 million in the prior year.
In the international segment, revenue grew 24% to $9.6 billion. Excluding the $177 million year-over-year unfavorable foreign exchange impact, revenue growth was 26%. Media revenue increased 7% to $2.5 billion, or 9% excluding foreign exchange. EGM revenue grew 31% to $7 billion, or 33% excluding foreign exchange. International segment operating loss including stock-based compensation and other was $121 million compared with a loss of $194 million in the prior year. This includes $21 million of favorable impact from foreign exchange. International segment operating income before stock-based compensation and other was $20 million compared with a loss of $76 million in the prior year.
In the Amazon Web Services segment, revenue grew 64% to $2.6 billion. Amazon Web Services segment operating income including stock-based compensation and other was $604 million, a 23.5% operating margin compared with $195 million in the prior year. This includes $24 million of favorable impact from foreign exchange. Amazon Web Services segment operating income before stock-based compensation and other was $716 million, a 27.9% operating margin compared with $265 million in the prior year.
Our operating income includes stock-based compensation expense and other operating expense. Operating income was $1.1 billion, or 3.7% of revenue, up approximately 260 basis points year-over-year. This includes $50 million of favorable impact from foreign exchange. Consolidated segment operating income before stock-based compensation and other was $1.7 billion, or 5.7% of revenue compared to $706 million in the prior year. Our income tax expense was $475 million. Net income was $513 million, or $1.07 per diluted share compared with a net loss of $57 million, or loss of $0.12 per diluted share.
Turning to the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities increased $2.1 billion year-over-year to $15.9 billion. Inventory increased 30% to $9.6 billion, and inventory turns were 8.6 down from 8.8 turns a year ago as we expand selection, improved in-stock levels, and introduced new product categories. Accounts payable increased 26% to $15 billion, and accounts payable days increased to 72 from 70 in the prior year.
I'll conclude my portion of today's call with guidance. Incorporated into our guidance are the order trends that we've seen to date and what we believe today to be appropriately conservative assumptions. Our results are inherently unpredictable, and may be materially affected by many factors, including a high level of uncertainty surrounding exchange rate fluctuations, as well as changes in global economic conditions and customer spending, world events, the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce and cloud services, and the various factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. It is not possible to accurately predict demand, and therefore, our actual results could differ materially from our guidance.
As we describe in more detail on our public filings, issues such as settling inter-Company balances in foreign currencies among our subsidiaries, unfavorable resolution of legal matters, and changes to our effective tax rate can all have a material effect on our results. Our guidance further assumes that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings, or legal settlements, record any further revisions to stock-based compensation estimates, and that foreign exchange rates remain approximately where they've been recently.
For Q2 2016, we expect net sales of between $28 billion and $30.5 billion, or growth of between 21% and 32%. This guidance anticipates approximately 70 basis points of favorable impact from foreign exchange rates. Operating income to be between $375 million and $975 million compared with $464 million in second-quarter 2015. This includes approximately $825 million for stock-based compensation and other operating expense net.
We are grateful to our customers and remain heads-down focused on driving a better customer experience. We believe putting customers first is the only reliable way to create lasting value for shareholders. Thanks. And, with that, Phil, let's move on to questions.

Great. Thanks, Brian. Let's move on to the Q&A portion of the call. Operator, will you please remind our listeners how to initiate a question?