Question_1:

    Good morning. Can you talk about the outlook for the core costs beyond some of the lumpy items in 1Q?
And then specifically maybe comment on how you feel like your markets business is sized. We've obviously seen some cost savings announcements at your US and non-US peers. I want to get a sense of how you feel you're positioned for the markets?

Question_2:

    Just in terms of the staffing and the positioning there how you feel for I don't know about the current environment but just not bouncing back in a big, big way. And obviously we're seeing reductions being announced at some of your US and non-US peers. So how are you feeling about the sizing of your business for the environment you expect?

Question_3:

    And just on the timing of the LAS getting to that below $500 million you did disclose a big drop in the headcount if we look year over year and obviously there's delay in terms of costing [self] coming to down but what's the timing of getting to that $500 million or below?

Question_4:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_5:

    Hi, good morning. I just want to dig in on a couple of things, one was on energy since it's the flavor of the day.
You know you gave a lot of color there and you indicated that those $30 holds for nine quarters, that's a loss of $700 million. I just wanted to understand is that already reserved for or that's over and above what you've reserved for?
And then maybe you could give us an even more bearish case, if we go below $30 what you've got baked in? Because I don't think it's linear, I just want to understand how you're thinking about it.

Question_6:

    Right. So when you indicated that if $30 holds for nine quarters your model suggests a loss of $700 million. That's already reserved for or that's on top of what you already have reserved?

Question_7:

    Okay, I get that.

Question_8:

    And then could you talk a little bit about the reserve release that's still possible from the other portfolios? You had a $200 million reserve release this past quarter. Just wondering what the legs are on that?
We've seen other institutions essentially finish up their reserve release. I know you had a big legacy book, so maybe there's a little more legs there. Just wanted to understand how you're thinking about the trajectory there.

Question_9:

    Okay. So there's still some legs but at a decelerating pace?

Question_10:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_11:

    Hi, good morning, Paul. I was recalling I think you had for a goal this year to generate positive operating leverage. I was wondering how you feel about the ability to achieve that, what kind of revenue environment are you planning for and how will you manage expenses to try to get some positive operating leverage this year?

Question_12:

    Okay. And then Brian, could you talk a little bit about what your goals will be with your 2016 CCAR submission? Are you looking to make some progress on both the dividend and buyback potentially and if you maybe could share some thoughts about that?

Question_13:

    Okay, and Paul, one quick follow-up on the NII, is there a benefit from the paydown of trust preferreds that you're get in 2016? And is that why you're able to grow the core NII a little bit in 2016?

Question_14:

    Okay. And so it's really just the loan growth and pretty stable rates driving some core NII growth?

Question_15:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_16:

    Okay.

Question_17:

    Thank you very much. On your NPAs you have really good disclosure, you're getting it down to 103,000. Did you sell any this quarter or was that all workouts through your servicing?

Question_18:

    And then, at this point when do you think you can get that down to I guess it's not a normal level because you're just going to run this whole portfolio off. Could you have any idea when that would be over with?

Question_19:

    Okay, guys, thank you very much.

Question_20:

    Hey, good morning. Maybe just a quick question on deposit behavior. Since the rate hike have you seen anything unusual? I would assume it would be more on the institutional side where you would see movement at this point.
And then maybe you can give some update on how you're thinking about the deposit betas this year.

Question_21:

    And do you still think that make sense or do you think that's relatively conservative?

Question_22:

    Right, it will be more back-end weighted.

Question_23:

    Okay and just one last question, maybe on the expense side, if we look at, I mean you guys have done a good job, but if you look at your core expenses normalized for all the puts and takes it still seems like your efficiency ratio would be sort of in the 63%, 64% range and a lot of your peers are well below 60%. Is this sort of you grow into the improving efficiency ratio with the revenues as you reinvest or is there do you think you can get there more quickly? Just trying to get a sense of how you get the trajectory into more in line with the peer group on the efficiency ratio side?

Question_24:

    Okay, I appreciate it. Thanks.

Question_25:

    Hi, thanks. So I think you put the heat on a little bit on loan growth over the last couple of quarters. And if you look at lending in your primary lending segments it's picked up and I think that's good.
The question I have is with new information that we have, I mean the markets digesting and anticipating I don't know if I'll call it a recession but a lot of fear around recession on lower oil and China-related fears. The question I have is if you look at the core loan growth are you still okay running it at this level? Do you feel like your customer base that you're making these new loans to are a little more insulated to the world that the market is fearful of?

Question_26:

    Great. One follow-up on the FA growth you noted a 5% year on year, I'm just curious there's not a heck of a lot of core growth in that business. I'm just curious how much is coming from your training programs versus recruiting both traditional and nontraditional sources?

Question_27:

    All right, thank you very much.

Question_28:

    Hi, good morning. So actually I had a quick follow-up to the topic Glenn was just addressing.
Relating to GWIM and just some of the margin pressures that we've been seeing over the last couple of quarters I wanted to get a better sense as to how much of that do you think is cyclical versus secular, whether it be DoL-related pressures or just intensifying competition for advisors? And along those same lines whether a 30% margin target is still achievable once we get to a more favorable rate backdrop?

Question_29:

    Just about to what extent if you could at least segregate the secular versus cyclical headwind components on the revenue side? But I think that you adequately addressed that in your response.

Question_30:

    All right. Thanks, Brian. And maybe just switching over to the credit side, I appreciate the detailed disclosure you guys have been giving on the energy book and was just hoping you could provide both exposure and reserve levels, maybe some other areas of the commodities complex, specifically metals and mining.

Question_31:

    Okay. And then just as a follow-up to the initial provision guidance you had given, thinking about it from a modeling perspective is the right way for us to be thinking about the provision rate for 2016 taking that $800 million to $900 million quarterly run rate plus whatever additional energy driven reserve building we should be contemplating which presumably is incremental.

Question_32:

    All right, got it, guys. Very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.

Question_33:

    Thanks very much. I was just wondering if you could help me think through a little bit your GAAP and risk-weighted assets over the first half of the year given the growth dynamics that are pretty robust and some of the runoff and then also some of the changes that are going through on the RWA calculations.

Question_34:

    Correct.

Question_35:

    And so what are the implications of that then for your regulatory capital ratios?

Question_36:

    Thanks. Maybe if I can just sneak in one more. When you talk about an appropriate buffer are you thinking a method 1 or a method 2 as a baseline?

Question_37:

    Okay, thanks very much.

Question_38:

    Thanks, good morning. Just a quick follow-up on the loan growth side, you talked about the credit quality underneath the commercial side. But after 13%, 14% loan growth year do you think you can maintain that type of pace of growth given some of the concerns we've seen underlying even if quality is holding up?
So just I guess your general outlook for loan growth rates. And can you match or maintain what you did last year? Thanks.

Question_39:

    Okay. Continue to be driven by commercial would you say?

Question_40:

    Just a quick second one. You've been growing the mortgage business again. What's your outlook for continuing to take share in the mortgage business and have we seen the bottoming of results on the fee side of mortgage?

Question_41:

    Thanks, guys.

Question_42:

    Hi, good morning. I guess on commercial if you could follow up on the ex-energy comments, you know in your experience what are some of the best leading indicators for the commercial credit cycle and what kind of trends have you seen again ex-energy and those leading indicators over the past couple of months that gives you confidence that things are stable?

Question_43:

    And then if I could ask a follow-up along the same lines on the consumer side. I just two parts, one you made the point that even in energy-heavy geographies you're not seeing any adverse change in the consumer.
In part specifically just since it's such a big credit line are early delinquencies still coming in better-than-expected or are they stable or how would you characterize the current early delinquency trends? And then on home equity since again that's another big outsized portion of the reserve is there any update you can give us on how the first wave of HELOC recasts or switches to amortization schedules have performed versus what you had modeled?

Question_44:

    Hi, I have one question for Paul, one for Brian. Paul, lower energy prices you said can help certain segments such as consumers.
Can you give any examples of that? And also on the energy topic, if oil stays at $30 then your provisions for energy would go up by how much? I didn't understand the answer from before.

Question_45:

    Do you think people are being too negative on the decline in oil prices? You're implying it has a nice stimulative effect. But people sure aren't thinking that these days.

Question_46:

    And then if I can shift gears, Brian, I know I've asked this question in other years but I know you're not satisfied with the mid-60s core efficiency ratio and I know you're not satisfied with a single-digit ROE. So what is your specific financial target for efficiency in ROE and what is your timeframe to get there?

Question_47:

    Any expense initiative plan, Paul, since you've had a couple of quarters now to take a look at that? Are we looking for like an extra $1 billion or I know kind of like a new BAC program or what are you thinking about there?

Question_48:

    All right. Thank you.

