
Good morning. Thanks, everybody, on the phone as well as the webcast, for joining us this morning for the second-quarter 2016 results. Hopefully everybody's had a chance to review the earnings release documents that were available on our website.
Before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul, let me remind you we may make some forward-looking statements. For further information on those, please refer to either our earnings release documents, our website or our SEC filings.
So before Brian and Paul get into the results, just let me mention one housekeeping item. Please limit your questions to one per caller so that we can get to everyone and you can circle back.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Moynihan, our Chairman and CEO, for some opening comments, before Paul Donofrio, our CFO, goes through the details. Brian?

Thank you, Lee, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to review our second-quarter results. I'm beginning on slide 2 of the materials we sent to you.
We reported solid earnings of $4.2 billion after-tax, or $0.36 per diluted share, in what was certainly an eventful quarter for the markets from an overall macro perspective. This compares to $5.1 billion or $0.43 per share in the year ago quarter.
This quarter included negative market-related NII adjustments that cost $0.05 per share, and negative DVA that cost us another $0.01 for a total of $0.06. That compares to a $0.03 benefit to EPS for both those items in the second quarter 2015.
Earnings neutralizing for the FAS 91 DVA for both periods improved from $0.40 per share to $0.42 per share on a year-over-year basis. Our results represent another quarter of solid progress in the strategies we have been executing. Those strategies are delivering more of the Company's capabilities to each and every client we serve.
At BAC, we focus on what we can control and, despite low rates and other macro events; we continue to focus on managing our risk, our costs and our delivery of quality products and customer service.
In Q2, we grew loans $22 billion, or approximately 2.5% versus last year, even as we sold a few portfolios during the year. All this growth was organic and consistent with our risk appetite. We also grew deposits more than $66 billion or 6% over that same time period. And we did so while maintaining disciplined deposit pricing.
We also continue to transform our Company in a digital way in all things and all businesses. For example, this quarter we crossed over 20 million active mobile users and continue to increase their use of digital channels for book transactions and buying more bank products.
Active Mobile Banking customers logged into their accounts over 900 million times this quarter, depositing more than 25 million checks, or more than $20 billion via mobile check deposits. They made over 25 million mobile bill payments, up 30% year-over-year, and made nearly 80 million transfers.
Person-to-person, or P2P payments, continue to ramp up as well. While still a small component of the overall consumer payments this quarter, we had $6.7 billion in P2P payments this quarter. That is more than $13 billion year-to-date and is up 28% from last year. This channel is a value channel for all our customers and made possible by the continuing investment we make.
As we move to slide 3, we have talked to a lot of you over the last several months, including many of you on the phone today. I thought I'd try to address some of the more common questions we get from those conversations by looking at our results, by looking at the income statement and the items there in.
First, one of the core questions is what if rates stay lower for longer? Well, for bank management and for you as investors, it would be easier if rates were to rise, but that hasn't happened. So the question is, can would grow earnings without rates improving? We believe we surely can.
We can do that by continued success on things like expense management, by keeping NII stable to growing, stable and growing fees and continue to manage risk well and hold down our credit costs.
As you can see, revenue this quarter was $20.6 billion on an FTE basis. Adjusted for the negative impacts of market-related NII adjustments and DVA, that number is $21.8 billion. Adjusted for the same items in the year ago quarter, the total was comparable.
Now as we focus in on NII, Paul will take you through some of the changes this quarter later in the presentation. However, in summary, adjusted for market-related changes in both last year's second quarter and this year's second quarter, we grew NII by $400 million or 4% year-over-year. And that took place while the 10-year treasury yield fell 86 basis points from last year on a spot basis.
Going forward in a stable interest rate environment, we believe we can maintain NII around the second-quarter 2016 level based on the current loan and deposit growth we see. And if rates rise, we would expect NII to grow.
Another question relates to the Global Markets business. That question is often asked how we need to change this business, especially the FICC area, as many of our customers have. I want to hit this head on.
First of all, fixed income is a good business for us here at Bank of America. It is a business which benefits not only by its core activities but by being coupled with our massive Global Banking franchise that has leadership positions across the globe.
Combined together they generate a pretty steady $1 billion or so quarterly investment banking fees. It's also an important part of our overall Global Markets platform, the platform which sits on top of the number one global research team for the past five years.
In the second quarter, this business did well. Global Markets generated $3.7 billion in sales and trading revenue excluding DVA. Compared to the same period last year, that is up 12%. This year-over-year improvement is driven by FICC sales and trading, which is up 22%.
Now think about that, sales and trading revenue including DVA for this quarter was the highest second quarter we've experienced in five years and it led to one of the most profitable quarters for Global Markets we've seen in the past five years.
Also, the team served clients well during a period of difficult volatility, so it clearly remains a profitable important business for us to serve clients. We're proud of how the team supported their clients through the Brexit vote and the periods of volatility related thereto.
Another question is getting clarity on how we're transforming the business on the fee lines. Noninterest revenue was $11.2 billion this quarter; although modestly down from second quarter 2015, it was up nicely from the first quarter. There are a lot of items that run through the various lines of fees.
First, with regard to consumer fees, we are largely done with the big card portfolio divestitures and branch divestitures. Both those impacted both card fees and banking service charges and you can see them coming off the bottom as you look at the linked quarters. Fees now will grow with the volume of cards and accounts that are now net growing in our Company.
Our mortgage business is now sized appropriately for our franchise and the fee line there, Paul will talk about later, but will be -- is at near where it's going to be in the future.
With regard to revenue more closely tied to markets businesses, the ups and downs in volumes of activity in sales and trading, investment banking and brokerage will move back and forth through the market. But the important thing is we have strong businesses -- strong client facing businesses in these areas and we're getting our share of these revenue streams even while the market ebbs and flows.
So if we look about -- move from the fee line to the expense line, many of you give us credit for having managed expenses from $70 billion five years ago to the mid $50 billion today. But the question is can we do more? If you look at this quarter we continue to manage expenses well.
Non-interest expense this quarter was $13.5 billion, improving more than 3.5% -- 3% from 2015's second quarter. This continues a trend of performance that has shown expense declining significantly on a quarterly basis quarter after quarter over the past several years. This is the lowest level that we have reported since the fourth quarter 2008, and that's prior to the Merrill Lynch merger.
If you look at our efficiency ratio and normalize it to the NII adjustments stated above, it would be about 62% this quarter. That's an improvement of 200 basis points from last year's second quarter.
Cost control and cost-effectiveness is a focus for our management team here at Bank of America. So the question is how much more can we do on expenses? So if you think about this, let's start by looking at the cost of the most recent four quarters.
In the trailing four quarters, the total expense base was $56.3 billion. As we look out from the third quarter of 2016 through the next six quarters into 2018, we believe that with our SIM efforts and the continued work we're doing across the board in expenses, we are targeting an annual expense number of around $53 billion in total expenses for the year 2018.
So over six quarters, we continued to absorbed investment, merit increases, rising healthcare costs and bringing expenses down a nominal amount.
Our continued work in driving down costs to service delinquent loans will help with this, but the other reductions are generally coming from the core work in Simplify & Improve, work we continue to do to simplify those work processes, but also the core work we do to allow us to self fund our growth initiatives, and our continued investments in technology and salespeople.
While I'm on the topic of expenses, I want to point out another important milestone for our Company this quarter. This quarter we changed our reporting to eliminate the Legacy Assets & Servicing segment. This completes the transformation -- this segment was the last place where product orientation was reported, [not] customer orientation. And more importantly, it also reflects the last of Legacy is really behind us from an operational basis.
We added a couple slides in the appendix today to go along with our 8-K we filed a few days ago to explain the methodology of the realignment of LAS and the highlights that impact this segment where those loans and associated P&L are reported now.
But what I want to get to -- across to you is LAS was [not] as an operational segment successfully did what it was tasked to do, to clean up one of the largest mortgage servicing businesses in the US.
Consider that progress. From 1.4 million delinquent loans mortgage loans, we're down to 80,000 today. At one point we had 58,000 teammates and 20,000 contractors working on this task, and now we're down to 10,000 teammates. From one peak quarter of $3 billion plus in expenses, we're down to $600 million this quarter.
That phase of the work is complete and we need to move that operating business in with the rest of the Company to do the further consolidation and further work to improve our servicing costs. We are pleased with the accomplishments of this group, but there is still more to be done.
And that brings us to our provision. Simply put, the question we often get is, is credit deteriorating? As you can see, we remain very pleased with both consumer and commercial credit performance. Not only net charge-offs not gotten worse, but they've improved in the most recent quarter, moving back below $1 billion.
Provision expense is and will remain roughly equivalent to net charge-offs. Even in our energy portfolio we've seen lower exposures [improved] losses.
And that brings us to our returns. In this operating environment, can we get our returns above our cost of capital? Well, as you can see, we made solid progress on our returns this quarter. Our return on tangible common equity adjusted for the market-related and DVA impacts was 10.9%. On a similarly adjusted basis, ROA has moved to 90 basis points.
We still have work to do, but you can see the improvement coming through.
As we move to slide 4, you can see our business segment results. You see strong year-over-year results in every business driven by the generation of operating leverage. Consumer Banking continued its momentum around client activity and operating leverage. Consumer satisfaction continues to improve as does adoption and use of digital capabilities and functionality.
In our wealth management business, they grew earnings as costs declined more than revenue while we continue to invest in this business. Revenue was impacted by AUM valuations from market variability.
Our Global Banking team drove results with continued solid loan growth, operating leverage of 9%, and strong credit results. Global Markets executed well for its clients, as I stated earlier, in a very difficult period and used operating leverage to grow its earnings year over year as well.
So on a combined basis, those four business segments improved 16% from last year's second quarter, earning about $5 billion this quarter. Partially offsetting this was a loss in All Other and that primarily reflects the market-related NII adjustments I spoke about earlier.
You can also see the returns and efficiency ratios for each of these segments and note that each segment is earning well above our cost of capital. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Paul to take you through the numbers.

Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Since Brian covered the income statement, I will start with the balance sheet on page 5.
As you know, when general deposit flows drive the size of our balance sheet and they, on an ending basis, were relatively flat this quarter as inflows were partially offset by outflows to fund seasonal tax payments.
So total assets were stable compared to Q1 with loans increasing modestly, security balances rising and cash down a corresponding amount. Liquidity also saw a small decline; however, we remain well compliant with LCR requirements.
Tangible common equity of $170 billion improved by $3.6 billion from Q1 driven by earnings in OCI. This was partially offset by [$1.4 billion]  in share repurchases and roughly $500 million in common dividends.
As a reminder, following the CCAR results, we announced an increase in both our share repurchase authorization as well as a planned increase of 50% in our quarterly dividend. On a per share basis, tangible book value per share increased to $16.68, up 11% from Q2 2015.
Turning to regulatory metrics, as a reminder we report capital under the advanced approaches. Our CET1 transition ratio under Basel III ended the quarter at 10.6%. On a fully phased in basis, CET1 capital improved $4.3 billion to $161.8 billion.
Under the advanced approaches compared to Q1 2016, the CET1 ratio increased 37 basis points to 10.5% and is above our current 2019 requirement. Our [risk-weighted assets]  declined roughly $13 billion driven by reductions related to retail exposures, primarily from credit improvement.
We also provide our capital metrics under the standardized approach. Here our CET1 ratio improved to 11.4%. Supplementary leverage ratio for both parent and Bank continue to exceed US regulatory minimums that took effect in 2018.
Turning to slide 6 and on an average basis, total loans were up $7 billion from Q1 and $23 billion or 3% from Q2 2015. On an ending period basis, loan growth this quarter was impacted by pay downs near the end of the quarter in the non-US corporate loan facilities and about $1.6 billion in FX translations across international loans including UK card.
Note on the slide there is a breakdown of the loans in our business segments and All Other. Again on an average basis year-over-year, loans in All Other were down $42 billion driven by continued run off of first and second lien mortgages, while loans in our business segments were up $65 billion or 9%.
In Consumer Banking, we continue to see strong growth in consumer real estate and vehicle lending offset somewhat by runoff in home equity outpacing originations. In Wealth Management, we saw growth in consumer real estate and structured lending.
Global Banking loans were up $35 billion or 12% year-over-year and up 7% annualized from Q1. Deposits were stable with Q1 at $1.2 trillion but grew $67 billion or 6% from Q2 2015.
Broad-based growth was led by Consumer increasing more than $44 billion or 8% year-over-year, while Wealth Management deposits rose 6% and deposits with corporate clients and Global Banking improved nearly 4%.
Turning to asset quality on slide 7, we saw improvement from Q1. Total net charge-offs improved $83 million from Q1 to less than $1 billion in Q2. Consumer losses declined modestly across a number of products and while slight commercial losses also declined from Q1 as a result of lower energy losses. Provision of $976 million in Q2 was down $21 million from Q1.
Finally, we had a small overall net reserve release in the quarter as consumer releases were modestly offset by builds in commercial.
On slide 8, we provide credit quality data on our Consumer portfolio. Net charge-offs declined $68 million from Q1. While driven by the real estate losses, the improvement, as I mentioned, was broad-based.
Over half of the losses in this book are US credit card with a loss rate improved 5 basis points from Q1 to 2.66%. Delinquency levels and NPLs improved and reserve coverage remains strong.
Moving to the commercial credits on slide 9, net charge-offs improved $15 million from Q1 as energy losses declined. Energy charge-offs decreased $23 million from Q1 to $79 million this quarter.
There isn't a lot of new news on the commercial asset quality front other than the modest improvement in our energy-related exposure. As you all know, the price of oil and gas was more stable in Q2.
Within this backdrop, we experienced some improvement in both energy losses and exposure. A few clients refinanced with equity issuances and other financing solutions which also helped improve exposures.
Overall, ever committed energy exposure declined $3 billion from Q1 with utilized exposure declining more modestly and exposure to exploration production as well as oilfield services, which we believe are the two higher risk subsectors, declined 1% from Q1.
Outside of energy, commercial asset quality continues to perform well. Let me share with you a few metrics that exhibit the quality of this book and its performance.
The reservable criticized exposure ratio is 3.8% and, excluding energy, metals and mining, exposure is 2.4%, which is near prerecession levels.
The commercial net charge-off ratio, excluding small business, has been below 15 basis points for 14 consecutive quarters, even with the elevated levels of energy charge-offs we experienced over the past three quarters.
The NPL ratio, which today is at 37 basis points, has been below 40 basis points for 11 consecutive quarters.
Turning to slide 10, net interest income on a reported non-FTE basis was $9.2 billion. Included in NII this quarter was a negative $974 million market-related adjustment to true up  premium amortization. This follows Q1's more negative adjustment of $1.2 billion and it's important to note that the adjustment in Q2 2015 was a benefit of $669 million.
NII on an FTE basis, excluding market-related adjustments, was $10.4 billion. This was lower than Q1 primarily due to lower long-end rates and Q1's seasonal impacts. Compared to Q2 2015, results were up nearly $400 million or 4% as higher [shorten] rates, combined with loan growth funded by deposits, offset the negative impact of lower long-end rates.
Looking forward to Q3, we will benefit from an extra day which will be offset by the impact of declines in long-end rates over the past two quarters and put pressure on our MBS bond yields and reinvestment yields more generally.
As we get into Q4 and the next year, we get more optimistic about NII, assuming both the current forward curve and the current pace of loan and deposit growth.
With respect to asset sensitivity, as of 6/30, an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in rates is estimated to increase NII by $7.5 billion over the subsequent 12 months, driven by the increase in long-end rates.
Now we think it's also important to understand what we expect to happen to NII if rates don't rise. Referring to the bottom left of the slide; the adjusted NII has been fairly stable averaging between $10.3 billion and $10.4 billion over the past five quarters.
If we have stability in long-end rates, we would expect to maintain that level in the near-term, again assuming modest loan and deposit growth. Rates moving up or down from here would obviously impact that perspective slightly in the near-term, but building as we extend that scenario into future quarters and years.
Turning to slide 11, noninterest expense was $13.5 billion in the quarter. That is $0.5 billion or 3% lower than Q2 2015, driven by good expense discipline across the Company.
As you can see, we are presenting expenses a little bit differently now that we have eliminated the LAS segment. Having said that, we made steady progress on reducing legacy loan servicing costs this quarter and we still expect to achieve our original goal of lowering the former LAS segment costs, ex-litigation, to $500 million in Q4.
Q2 litigation expense was $270 million, which was higher by $95 million in Q1 2015. So year-over-year, expense improvement, ex-litigation was actually $600 million.
Nearly every category of cost was lower year-over-year. It was led by personnel, including the expiration of the fully amortized advisor awards, and the revenue-related incentive mostly in Wealth Management. While the rest of the improvement I would characterize as just good hard work, grinding expenses lower through SIM and other initiatives.
While the rate of decline has been slowing, our employee base is down 3% from Q2 2015. As the employee base continues to grind lower, we think it's important to point out that the reductions on a percentage basis now include more highly paid managerial associates.
So while the rate of FTE reduction has slowed, the relationship to expense reductions is not linear. Also, we continue to increase the number of client facing associates to drive growth, while at the same time, through SIM and other efforts, simplify and streamline activities and thereby reduce non-client facing positions.
Lastly, as I said last quarter, we expect our quarterly FDIC expense to increase approximately $100 million for a number of quarters, starting in Q3 2016.
Turning to the business segments and starting with Consumer Banking on slide 12, Consumer earned $1.7 billion, continuing its trend of solid improvement and reporting a robust 20% return on allocated capital.
Revenue and earnings were driven by deposit and loan growth, coupled with continued expense improvement, driving operating leverage. As a result of this operating leverage, the efficiency ratio improved roughly 360 basis points year-over-year.
Note that the lack of reserve releases this quarter versus a meaningful release last year mitigated some of the improvement in operating leverage. So while earnings were up 3% year-over-year, pre-tax pre-provision earnings rose 11%.
On slide 13 we focus on additional key Consumer Banking trends. First in the upper left, the stats are a reminder of our strong competitive position. Revenue increased by $107 million as NII growth more than offset lower noninterest income.
Net interest income continued to improve as we drove deposits and loans higher. Noninterest income was down due mostly to lower mortgage banking income. This decline is in part a result of selling fewer loans and instead holding more on our balance sheet thereby shifting mortgage banking income to NII.
Expense declined 5% from Q2 2015. The positive expense trend is a result of a number of initiatives. As an example, I would note that our growth in Mobile Banking continues to play an important role in helping us optimize our delivery network while improving customer satisfaction. Our cost of deposits as a percent of average deposits also continued to improve and now stands at 162 basis points.
Focusing on client balances on the bottom of the page, Merrill Edge brokerage assets at $132 billion are up 8% versus Q2 2015 on strong account flows partially offset by lower market valuations. We increased the number of Merrill Edge customers by 10% from Q2 2015. We now have more than 1.6 million households using our platform for self-directed trading.
Moving across the bottom right of the page, note that loans are up 5% from Q2 2015 on strong mortgage and vehicle lending growth. Average vehicle loans are up 20% from Q2 2015 with average book FICO scores remaining well above the 770 level and net losses remaining below 30 basis points and improving on a linked quarter basis.
Mortgage loan growth was aided by solid mortgage production of $16 billion, up modestly from Q2 2015, as customers took advantage of historically low interest rates.
On consumer card -- or I should say on US consumer card, we issued more than 1.3 million cards in the quarter which is the highest level since 2008. Average balances were modestly down. However, adjusting for divestitures, average card balances grew $1.4 billion compared to Q2 2015. Spending on credit cards adjusted for divestitures was up 7.5% compared to Q2 2015.
As we viewed in previous quarters, we continue to focus on originating high FICO loans which generally produce low loss rates and strong risk-adjusted margins.
Last quarter we highlighted the quality of our underwriting in the Consumer business. This quarter, we are highlighting our leading position in digital banking. This technology continues to reshape how our customers bank.
Importantly, as adoption rises, particularly around transaction processing and self-service, we see improved efficiency and customer satisfaction. We added more than 2.5 million new mobile customers in the past 12 months. With more than 20 million active users, deposits from mobile devices now represent 17% of deposit transactions.
Mobile customers, on average, process 280,000 deposits per day, an increase of 28% year-over-year and the equivalent to volume of 800 financial centers. Mobile sales are up nearly 50% from last year. We are promoting mobile sales and electronic adoption by deploying digital ambassadors in our financial centers.
We now have more than 3,500 digital ambassadors in our branches engaging with customers who come into the branch to transact. They educate these customers on alternatives to branch banking which are not only more convenient for them but also more efficient for us. Digital sales, appointments and satisfaction all continue to achieve new highs.
Also, as you know, we are a leader in person-to-person and person-to-business money movement through digital transfers and bill payment capabilities. The adoption and popularity of these capabilities continues to drive growth with record volume of $246 billion this quarter, up nearly 5% year-over-year.
Turning to slide 15, Global Wealth & Investment Management produced earnings of $722 million, up 8% from Q2 2015. Year-over-year, revenue was down modestly but expenses were down even more, improving pretax margin to 26%, up meaningfully from Q2 2015.
This quarter included a modest gain from the previously announced sale of Bank of America Global Capital Management. This reduced AUM comprised of short-term liquid assets by approximately $80 billion. Overall, revenue declined 2% from Q2 2015 as strong NII growth and the gain were more than offset by lower market sensitive revenue.
Asset management revenues decline from Q2 2015 on lower market values while improving modestly on a linked quarter basis. Transactional revenue was down and continues to be impacted by market uncertainty as well is the migration of activity from brokerage to managed relationships. NII benefited from solid deposit and loan growth.
Noninterest expense declined nearly $200 million or 6% from Q2 2015 with half of that benefit derived from the expiration of the amortization of advisor retention awards that were put in place at the time of the Merrill Lynch merger. The rest of the improvement was a result of lower revenue-related incentives and other support costs.
Moving to slide 16, despite volatile markets, we continue to see overall solid client engagement. Client balances at $2.4 trillion were down from Q1 but, excluding the sale I mentioned earlier, were up from Q1 as higher market valuation levels, $10 billion of long-term AUM flows and loan growth more than offset tax-related deposit outflows.
Driven by the expected seasonality, average deposits were down from Q1 as clients paid income taxes. Importantly, average deposits are up 6% from Q2 2015 driven by growth in the second half of 2015.
Average loans also grew this quarter. Growth was concentrated in consumer real estate and structured lending as well.
Turning to slide 17, Global Banking earned $1.5 billion producing solid improvement over both Q1 and year-over-year. Returns on allocated capital was 16%, a 200 basis point improvement from Q2 2015, despite adding $2 billion in allocated capital.
Double-digit percent revenue growth year-over-year offset a low-single-digit expense growth creating strong operating leverage that improved the efficiency ratio to 45%. Global Banking continues to drive solid loan growth within its risk and client frameworks producing solid year-over-year improvement in NII.
Revenue benefited this quarter from mark-to-market gains on our [FEO] loan portfolio due to recovery in certain energy and mining exposures. Higher treasury fees and leasing gains also aided the improvement from Q2 2015. While total investment banking fees for the Firm were down from Q2 2015, Global Banking gained a little share supported by M&A fees which were up on an absolute basis.
A modest increase in noninterest expense compared to Q2 2015 reflects the cost of adding sales professionals over the past 12 months, and a modest increase in incentive related due to the higher revenue.
Looking at trends on page 18, and comparing Q2 last year, clients were confronted with increased volatility once again this quarter with concerns around both global growth as well as the outcome of the UK referendum.
However, despite concerns, companies still need to finance as well as store their -- move their money and this is when the strength and diversity of our franchise is most appreciated by our clients.
Average loans on a year-over-year basis grew $35 billion or 12%. Growth was broad-based across large corporates as well as middle-market borrowers and spread across most products.
Having said that, we slowed our construction led commercial real estate lending a few quarters ago. Average deposits increased from Q2 2015 up $11 billion or 4% from both new and existing clients.
Switching to Global Markets on slide 19. The past couple of quarters are great examples of the importance of this segment to not only its clients around the world, but also to our customers and clients in all our business segments.
Customers and clients were able to live their financial lives better in Q2 because Global Markets delivered for them under challenging market conditions helping them raise capital, buy and sell securities as well as manage risk.
We believe we increased our relevance with clients during Q2 and, more specifically, during the market volatility after the UK referendum. We did this by showing them that we will be there for them when they need us most.
That we are there for them with consistent set of products and services at terms that makes sense for our clients and our shareholders. And there for them with thoughtful advice as well as the capabilities, strength and confidence to make markets and execute.
All of this results in Global Markets reporting earnings of $1.1 billion and a return on capital of 12% -- 13% excluding net DVA impact.
Revenue was up appreciably year-over-year as well as linked quarter. Total revenue, excluding DVA, was up 8% year-over-year on solid sales and trading results and up 18% over a Q1 that saw challenging market conditions. strong expense management drove expenses 6% lower year-over-year even while revenue was higher.
Moving to trends on the next slide and focusing on the components of our sales and trading performance, sales and trading revenue of $3.7 billion excluding net DVA was up 12% from Q2 2015 driven by FICC.
In terms of revenue, this was the best second quarter we have had in the past five years. Excluding DVA and versus Q2 2015, FICC sales and trading of $2.6 billion increased 22% as the improvement which begun in late Q1 continued through Q2 as global concerns abated and central banks took further monetary policy actions.
Improvement was across both macro and Credit Products driven by stronger rates in currency, client activity as well as improved credit market conditions.
Tighter spreads benefited mortgage trading and municipal bonds outperformed treasuries with strong retail demand. Equity sales and trading was $1.1 billion, declining 8% versus Q2 2015 which saw significant client activity in Asia driven by stock market rallies in the region.
On slide 21, we show All Other which reported a loss of $815 million. This loss was driven by the current quarter's $974 million market-related NII adjustment. The loss is lower than Q1 due to both a lower market-related NII adjustment as well as the absence of retirement eligible incentive costs.
Compared to Q2 2015, the difference is driven by a number of factors. First, the negative NII market-related adjustment in this quarter versus a large positive adjustment in Q2 2015. Second, we had reps and warranty recoveries in Q2 2015 related to a court ruling and gains on the sale of consumer real estate loans. Third, provision expense declined from Q2 2015 driven by continued portfolio improvement.
The effective tax rate for the quarter was about 29%, which is in line with what we expect for the remainder of the year absent any unusual items.
And, as a reminder, we still expect to record a tax charge of about $350 million, most likely in 3Q, that reduces the carrying value of our UK DTAs as a result of UK tax reform announced last year. The vast majority of this charge will not impact regulatory capital.
Okay, so let me offer a few takeaways as I finish. Q2 was another quarter of solid progress in a challenging global environment. While growth concerns persist in many countries, the US economy continues to steadily improve, albeit at a less than optimum pace.
The diversity and strength of our franchise makes us more relevant to clients and customers during times such as these and you can see that in our results.
Clearly interest rates affected our financial performance this quarter. Still, while we cannot control interest rates, we are not waiting for them to rise. We grew in this environment by focusing on the things that we can control and drive. We grew deposits, we grew loans, we managed risk well reflected in reduced charge-offs.
We delivered for customer clients in another challenging quarter, especially around the UK referendum. We invested in our future by adding sales professionals and continuing to deploy technology that improves customer satisfaction.
We returned capital to shareholders and we announced plans to return increasing amounts. And we did all of this while we lowered expenses and drove operating leverage. Thank you. With that, let's open it up for questions.