Answer_1:

    One of the goals we have  talked about in all of these calls is to make ads more relevant for people and marketers and increasingly, with the Audience Network, we have a goal to do that for publishers, as well. Video is really important, it's one of the fastest ad mediums out there on both desktop and mobile. LiveRail has the leading online video advertising platform and we think we can use it to effectively expand video ads to marketers and to publishers outside of Facebook and offer greater audience reach and ability to sell to video advertisers.
When you look at the Audience Network, we're still in really early days and we only have some publishers in our network, but we see this as an opportunity to provide greater reach for Facebook marketers and developers, again, to improve relevance of the ads people see, both on and off Facebook.

Answer_2:

    Thanks, Eric. On Oculus and WhatsApp, we're very much in investment mode on our overall business and we expect to continue to ramp investments in the core business through 2015. Like I said, we'll be layering on top of that costs related to Oculus and WhatsApp. But we're not getting into more specifics on the exact head counts on those, but we believe those are significant opportunities in the long run, and so we're going to be investing aggressively, accordingly.

Answer_3:

    When you think about mobile ads, and I'm really glad you asked this question, I do think sometimes people think that mobile app install ads are all of the revenue or a great majority of the revenue and they're not, they're only part of the mobile ads revenue. Our mobile ads revenue is broad-based. We have large brand advertisers, small SMBs, direct response advertisers, as well as developers using our mobile ads.
The mobile app install ads, which are run not only by developers, but also by large companies that want to get people to install apps, are growing. They remain a good part of our mobile ads revenue and we're excited about the opportunities there, but we see our opportunities in mobile ads as much broader than just installing apps.
To the second question, I do think one of the things that's happened in the last year, year and a half on Facebook is people understanding how strong the creative opportunity is. We've built out the technology platform and made our product investments, and we've really created, particularly with the move to mobile on our ads and News Feed, an opportunity to do great creative storytelling.
A great recent example is the Progressive baby ads, if you've seen them. They're really engaging and really fun, but they're making a really important point, which is people should be buying their own insurance. But the ability for them to do that ad is based on the technology we've created and also the great work they've done with Arnold Worldwide, their agency, on the creative part.
I think, for a long time, people have thought TV was for creative storytelling and online ads were for more targeted tech space results. I think we're seeing that change, which means that the way people approach TV, they'll also approach Facebook and are starting to, which makes those budgets work much better together.

Answer_4:

    On the buy button, we launched a small test in the US only, which enables people to hit a buy button and on pages or in page post ads on Facebook, it streamlines the process of buying from our clients. No one's buying from us, we're just streamlining the process of buying from our clients. I think commerce is really important and is a growing important part of our business, as all marketer segments are growing, but I don't think people should confuse that with Facebook selling things directly.
The more people buy online, the more people buy things they discover through their mobile phones, the more people discover things from a News Feed and go on to purchase, the more important we are in driving eCommerce and I think we are increasingly important. That doesn't mean we're going to or have to sell products.

Answer_5:

    I'd just add to that, because some of the question was about payments, that we will clearly do work in payments to accept payments for advertising and on platform and other things that we do, but just because we'll do that doesn't -- we still basically view ourselves as a partner to other companies in the payment space, rather than trying to compete directly for that. Our main business is advertising and I think we're mostly, to the extent that we do payments, it's going to be supportive to that.
I wanted to make one more point related to that because I think some of the questions around payments are connected to what we're planning on doing in the other apps outside of Facebook, so things like Messenger and WhatsApp over time when that closes and Instagram. I really do just want to emphasize that there's a lot of work to set up the foundation for having a good business community and ecosystem in those that we think is going to be years of work before those are huge businesses for us.
I liken where we are now on something like Messenger to where we were on Facebook in like 2006 or 2007, where it was primarily a consumer product at the time where you really only communicated with friends and a bunch of people asked us and said that we should put ads in. But before we did that, we wanted to create really good organic consumer experiences for people to interact with different entities, so we created pages so people could interact with organic businesses.
In order to make it so that businesses and public figures and folks would create pages, we offered insights and different products. We gave all those away for free. Pages were free and continue to be free and that's partially why we have 30 million businesses today using pages on the platform and insights we gave away for free in order to enable more folks to use pages. But only after we had a good organic interaction that people could and would want to interact with these different businesses and entities, did we really layer ads on top of that and start to build the business that we have today.
I just think it's worth emphasizing this because we've said in a number of comments that we think that some of these newer initiatives are going to ramp over time. We really do mean that. We're serious about doing this the right way and building out these ecosystems. I think for some of these other apps, we're just going to build all the infrastructure that we need to make it be something that's scalable over time, rather than trying to have this be an impact that you'll notice in the next short-term period of time.

Answer_6:

    To the World Cup part of your question, brands certainly use the World Cup and big events like this to launch things that they continue those ad campaigns. They also have other big events that come along, as well as their own events around product launches. We think, obviously not every day is  a World Cup, but there are lots of opportunities throughout the year and through the product cycle to work with brand advertisers in big ways.

Answer_7:

    Sure. I don't have much color that's useful to share here on App Links. It's still early. People have marked up a bunch of apps with this meta data that allows us to search for it, but Search for Facebook is going to be a multi-year voyage. There's just so much content that is unique to the Facebook ecosystem that we can answer questions for you that really no other service can.
The other day I was curious about finding out which of one of my friend's friends worked at a company. I don't know any other service where you can just go do that query, but on Facebook, you can. The secret to this is going to be basically just over a long period of time, indexing all of the different content that's on Facebook in every different way. We started off with people, because obviously you need to be able to find people in order to use the product and add friends and just have our core ecosystem work.
We're indexing more of the connection, and now we're getting into more of the content and it's a huge amount of content. There is more than a trillion posts, which some of the search engineers on the team like to remind me, is bigger than any web search corpus that is out there. But that's just one part of the data and we're going to keep on doing more and more. We're going to start off focusing on stuff that's unique to Facebook, that you couldn't really answer those questions elsewhere.
App Links, by definition being outside of Facebook, are not going to be unique to Facebook. We'll get to that over time. I think it will be a valuable part of the ecosystem, but honestly, we're mostly interested in that to enable value for other developers and pushing distribution to them than we are for our own search.
It's going to enable interesting ways for a developer to be able to make it so that people and their apps can share content on Facebook and link directly to the right part of the app, it'll enable some engagement ads, so that way a developer can say a person was using my app and they were going to buy something, but they dropped out of the check-out flow, so now we're going to have an ad that helps them link right back to the check-out flow so they can complete their conversion. You want deep linking to be able to enable things like that, but it's going to take a while to play out in the search.

Answer_8:

    Ross, on your question on mobile ads, mobile DAU is ramping nicely at 39% growth and we're seeing it grow nicely across all of our geographic regions. Of course, mobile ads are ramping as well. In terms of pricing, we don't break it out, but on the reported pricing trend, as I think I made clear, the 123% increase in price was driven by mix shift with a higher percentage of News Feed ads. News Feed ads are really effective for marketers and that includes mobile News Feed ads as well.
They deliver a lot of value for marketers, that's why they're getting a higher price in the auction. The price of ads correlates to the value that they create. We continue to focus on making those ad units better and better, more relevant and targeted for the people who use Facebook, as well as for marketers. We're seeing good results. Marketers are getting good ROIs and they're coming back and spending more with us, so we're pleased about all of that.

Answer_9:

    Justin, it is Dave. In terms of the pricing, as I said, it's really about the mix shift towards the News Feed ads is what's driving the overall reported pricing trend, but we are focused on making our ads all better and driving better returns for our marketers, and we see that reflected in the price. There's other things. For instance, we're making our right-hand column ads more effective by changing the format of those.
Those will be higher value to our marketers because they'll drive more engagement, but there will be fewer of them. That will impact pricing. But everything that we're doing is about trying to drive more value for our marketers, as well as trying to drive more relevant ad experiences for the people who use Facebook. If we're successful in doing that, we'll drive ROI for the marketers, we'll drive good experiences, and we'll get good pricing.

Answer_10:

    I'll talk about China. Our mission is to enable everyone in the world to share and connect. We've been studying and learning about China for a number of years and we remain very interested. We are seeing Chinese-based companies use Facebook to reach a global audience and we think we have an important opportunity, just with their export market, and we're focused on that for now.

Answer_11:

    On Messenger and David, I think he is just a real talented product generalist and he's done a number of different things, including in his past, he ran and built a messaging company. Most recently, clearly, he ran a very important company and I think it was pretty successful in helping get really good results there. Messenger will have, over time, there will be some overlap between that and payments.
But what I'm trying to say is two things. One is, the payments piece will be a part of what will help drive the overall success and help people share with each other and interact with businesses, but we're really focused on the interactions overall, rather than the mechanism and David shares that view. The second thing is just that there's so much groundwork that we need to do in order to make it so that people are communicating with businesses and public figures and entities in these other apps that we're building, which is part of the business ecosystem.
I really can't underscore this enough that we have a lot of work to do and we could take the cheap and easy approach and just try to put ads in or do payments and make some money in the short-term, but we're not going to do that. To the extent that any of your models or anything reflect that we might be doing that, I would strongly encourage you to adjust that, because we're not going to. We're going to take the time to do this in the way that we think that's going to be right over multiple years.

Answer_12:

    No, the deal hasn't closed. We have nothing to say.

Answer_13:

    I agree strongly that this is a huge opportunity. Our goal with all of our clients from the biggest to the smallest is to drive their business results and that's usually selling a product, sometimes online, but often in stores. We've done a lot of work over the last year or two on measurement. We talk about measurement in all of these calls and that's because investing in measurement and connecting, not just from online to online, but online to offline is super important.
Because if we can prove those results to our marketers large and small, they will continue to invest. We think we have a real advantage here that we have real identity, we have real identity across the desktop and across mobile and we have found ways in very privacy-protective ways to work with third parties, third party users of data to connect offline sales to online ads and those investments remain a very big focus for us.

Answer_14:

    We've shifted to this model on mobile where developers aren't really building their apps inside Facebook. We're not an operating system. We had a little bit more of this dynamic with Canvas on desktop, but now we've shifted the strategy to helping developers with three things: build, grow, and monetize their apps. We have a number of services that developers can plug into their apps to help out with all three of those.
For example, we have -- and for helping people build their app, we do things like log-in and we have services like parse that help developers build apps more easily, that stuff is all great for helping folks build social apps in a way that's faster than they could have otherwise. In terms of growth, we offer tools like sharing and messaging so that a developer can enable their users to be able to organically spread the app.
We have things like app installs and engagement ads to make it so that developers can pay to increase that. On the monetized side, we are rolling out the Audience Network and on Canvas, we have things like payments to help developers monetize and that's an increasing focus, as well. Audience Network is new and it's just getting started, so, again, it's one of these things that will be pretty slow for a while because we really want to do it right, but that's going to be an important part of this, as well.
That's how you want to think about developers and right now, we're really proud that 80% of the top developers see value in touching a part of our platform. We obviously want to get the last 20%, but we're excited about the progress so far.

Answer_15:

    In terms of those developers using our different ad products, as we say, we roll out slowly and slowly usually means we pick a handful of advertisers to work with. That's certainly what we've been doing on autoplay video ads. Over time, our goal is to make our ad products available to all of our marketer segments and that's what we'll work on. Over the long run, any developer, any small or large business, whether they're using other parts of our platform or not, would be able to purchase any type of our ads.

Answer_16:

    I'll talk about video and then Sheryl can answer on the right hand column. The biggest thing that we want to make sure is that quality is really good as we roll this out and that's going to be the same on all of these different initiatives. One of the reasons why we're optimistic about autoplay specifically as a format for both organic and paid content, is that you're strolling through feeds and if the content catches your eye and you like it, then it's playing and it's loaded and you can just easily continue watching it.
Or otherwise the person has complete control and if they don't like it, they can just keep on going through it, so the content has to be really good and we think that's going to be a really high quality experience. There are still a number of things that we really want to prove and make sure that we're doing well here. We want to make sure that when people see an autoplay video, that's not only paid content, we want a lot of that to be organic content, as well.
We're trying to ramp up the amount of good public content and common content that people share at the same time as we're ramping up the autoplay video ads. We also want to make sure that this doesn't consume a lot of people's data. We're just being really careful about how we handle that and getting that really right across different markets. That's going to be a different thing that we want to be really sensitive to.
It really just, in a word, this all comes down to quality and we're more focused on just making sure that this is the right and best thing over time than something in the near term. That, I think, is a theme of the lot of the areas that we've talked about, whether it is the new apps that we're building, things like Messenger or Instagram and what we're doing there, or things like Audience Network, which we just announced, or video adds.
There are just a lot of things that we're super excited about. We, obviously, will talk about them publicly because we're working with partners and we're excited to talk about them here as well because we do really think that these are going to be great things to help build businesses over time. But we want to make sure that we don't want to get ahead of ourselves, because these things are early and quality is the most important thing for growing this the right way over time.

Answer_17:

    On the right-hand column redesign, the redesign was driven by making the ads more consistent with News Feed, which results in fewer but larger ads. But they just don't come from any one place. When you think about Facebook's growing part in the ad ecosystem, you really have to think about ad dollars shifting online as the majority of the driver of budget shifting and ad dollars coming on to mobile.
We are pleased that we see higher engagement rates from the people who are shown the new ads compared to the old, which makes us optimistic that these are more valuable.

Answer_18:

    It's a really important question, I think something that's misunderstood about Facebook. One of the things that we focused on the most is creating private spaces for people to share things and have interactions that they couldn't have had elsewhere. If you go back to the very beginning of Facebook, rewind 10 years, there were blogs and things where you could be completely public and there were email, so you could circulate something completely privately, but there was no space where you could share with just your friends.
It wasn't a completely private experience, but it's not completely public in that it's 100 or 150 of the people that you care about. Creating that space, which was a space that had the kind of privacy that no one had ever seen before, was what enabled and continues to enable the kind of interactions and the content that people feel comfortable sharing in this network that don't exist in other places in the world.
We're constantly looking for new opportunities to create new dynamics like that and open up new different private spaces for people where they can then feel comfortable sharing and having the freedom to express things that you otherwise wouldn't be able to. It's one of the reasons why I'm personally so excited about Messaging, because right now, at some level, there are only so many photos that you're going to want to share with all of your friends.
We still think that there's more to do there. The amount of messaging and how quickly we see that growing is crazy. There is just a lot more that people want to express and that they need the tools to express with smaller groups of people, not just one person at a time, but smaller groups, as well. Things like anonymous log-in totally unlock different behaviors.
How many times would you want to sign into an app, but you don't necessarily want to share a lot of information with that app, but if you can do it anonymously, we think that's going to unlock a lot of different interactions and experiences that people want to have. We view our jobs as very fundamentally providing people with these spaces and tools, which, I think, is very different from how a lot of people think about what Facebook is. But it's an important thing to think about how we do our product development.

Answer_19:

    I can take care of the mobile ad load question. Ad load is really one of dozens of factors that we focus on. Others are, of course, the quality, the relevance, and then the prominence of the ads.
We monitor the sentiment and engagement of people engaging in News Feed. We're really pleased with the strength of sentiment and engagement as we've ramped up News Feed ads. We feel like we're in a good position, given where we are with that, to continue to grow the advertising business while driving good user experience. We're in a good place on that.

Answer_20:

    Yes. I can talk about Oculus. We're really excited about this. The acquisition just closed earlier this week and we're real excited to welcome that team. They're extremely talented and have pulled off something that people had been talking about for a really long time and now it's possible, given the technology that this team has developed.
This hits on a different part of our strategy, which the way that I organize my remarks every quarter are around these 10-year goals and themes that we have for the Company: connecting everyone, understanding the world, helping to build the knowledge economy, and these future platforms. When I'm talking about how I think things like the businesses that we're talking about are further out than you think, I think that this stuff is actually even further out than that.
But there are huge opportunities to build the next generation of computing platforms. When mobile was getting defined, we were basically just getting founded; in 2004, the first SmartPhone came out in 2003. We've mostly been a company that has played on top of the different mobile foundations that other companies have built. One of the things I care really deeply about, on kind of a 10-year arc for the Company, is having a different relationship to whatever the next set of computing platforms are and investing accordingly now to make sure when the next set of computing platforms get defined, we can help define of what the next generation of computing is going to be.
I think virtual reality, augmented reality, vision, some of the AI work that we're doing is all going to play into this in an important way. I just think, while I was emphasizing that we're early on some of those businesses and we're not going to rush those, the flip side of the coin is to emphasize that we're also going to spend a lot and invest very heavily in a bunch of these things to do it right over the long term.
Dave pointed out that we expect to continue investing heavily and that our costs will increase and I just want to underscore that, as well, because I expect that to continue to be true. It's not that we're necessarily going to go out and have a lot more new strategic priorities, but we expect to go very deep on the priorities that we have to make sure that we completely nail them all, whether it's a 5-year or 10-year timeframe.

Answer_21:

    I can take the D&A question first, if you'd like. Ultimately, depreciation is going to track more closely against the CapEx. In the first half of the year, we've been aggressively investing in the things we want to invest in and that includes infrastructure. CapEx is up 40% in the first half of the year. There are some investments that we're making, notably in the Iowa data center, also the new headquarters we're building where those facilities have not gone into service, so they're not hitting depreciation yet.
We're making the big investments in CapEx that will ultimately flow through in depreciation. In short, the answer to your question is we'll see depreciation come up as those things come online.

Answer_22:

    I can answer the others. On public content, we actually do get a lot of exclusive content. We don't pay for it. This week, for example, I think Shakira hit her 100 million fans moment on Facebook. Part of the reason why some of these public figures and political leaders and folks have such big followings is because they're constantly providing insight into their lives and unique types of content that other folks -- that you can't get anywhere else.
There's a format that I think makes sense for Facebook. You're not going to come to Facebook to watch a movie or watch a full TV show, that's really long form stuff. But in the mode that we have today in our service, that kind of attraction is the best place for a number of types of content like this that we're starting to see that we get.
We're mostly focused on driving success for partners, whether they're news organizations that are publishing content that people share or public figures and individuals who are engaging directly on Facebook. Our view is that the more success from distribution and engagement we can drive for them, the better the content and the quality that they're going to invest in building for Facebook.
Type of search, I mentioned in my opening remarks that this quarter, I think for the first time, we are over, on average, 1 billion searches a day, which is awesome and it's something that we're really proud of and have worked a lot on, especially given that we generally found that people search a little bit less on average on mobile. We went through a period where in order to have that increased, we had to do some really good work and make it a lot faster and improve ranking and do a lot of the basic things that needed to get done.
There is just so much more content that needs to get indexed. If you want to go find that Shakira video that I was just talking about, I don't know if today the product fully delivers on that, but we will soon and in the next six months, we're going to be able to do that if we do well and then a year later, we're going to have more content in the system and be able to index that better.
It's an ongoing thing. There's huge potential. There are a lot of questions that only Facebook can answer that other services aren't going to be able to answer for you.
We're really committed to investing in that and building out this unique service over the long-term and I think at some point, there's going to be an inflection where it starts to just be useful for a lot of use cases. But that may still be years away, but we're just committed to doing this investment and making this right.

Answer_23:

    Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again.

