Question_1:

    Great, thanks. Two quick questions. Can you provide any color on the consumer over this year's back-to-school season? And how do you view the outlook for the consumer as we head into the holidays?
And then, separately, you recently closed the acquisition of Twitch last month. Can you help us understand where does Twitch fit into your overall digital content strategy? Thanks.

Question_2:

    Great, thanks.

Question_3:

    Thank you for taking my question. Two, if I may. International CSOI margin this quarter were the lowest they have been in years, maybe ever I don't know. We know you have been investing internationally but has something changed fundamentally? And if yes, what.
Secondly, I wanted to ask you about a vast difference in revenue growth rate between your international and domestic business. What is the fundamental difference between the US and your main international markets? And is this difference fundamental or temporary? Thank you.

Question_4:

    Thank you.

Question_5:

    Hi, Tom. Thanks. I had a question just broadly. A lot of the capital that's been deployed in terms of planting seeds in new businesses have worked out very well. But given what's happening right now in terms of the deterioration in the margin structure as growth is slowing, I'm just wondering, I think a lot of investors have this question as well in terms of when things don't go as anticipated in some of the bigger projects where there's not a revenue stream, areas maybe like some of the hardware projects and China and other markets, what's the process for determining whether to plow ahead or turn back capital and redeploy it in other areas? Thanks.

Question_6:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_7:

    Two questions, please. That $170 million in charges related to the Fire Phone, where was that put in the P&L, which of the OpEx lines, or was it a COGS? And then, secondly, in the media side you talked about maybe seeing a negative impact, or definitely seeing a negative impact from the switch towards owning to renting. Do you think that's a broader trend just beyond textbooks that affects all media retailers including Amazon? Could that be one of the issues behind the slow media growth in international markets? And if so, is there really a solution to that other than your own rental models? Thank you.

Question_8:

    Thanks, Tom.

Question_9:

    Hello, and thanks for taking my question. Hoping we can go back to square one here, if you don't mind. Can you tell us, or remind us, what financial measures are important to you, and which financial measures do you hold yourselves and the Board hold you accountable to? Because it's a little hard to see any of it making positive progress, so I just would love to get back to basics.

Question_10:

    So cash flow and return on invested capital is where we should keep our attention?

Question_11:

    And are the employees on the recruiting side, is that becoming more difficult as the stock has faded a little bit, and those return characteristics have faded? How are you making sure that you're hiring the best people?

Question_12:

    Thank you.

Question_13:

    Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just to get back to that North American media sales, it was the lowest growth rate in over 20 quarters. Are there other factors beyond the textbook shift and the Q3 strength last year? Are the digital media trends still intact?

Question_14:

    You don't see this as a broader shift in that number?

Question_15:

    Okay, thank you.

Question_16:

    Great. Thanks for taking the question. Two, please. If you could update us on this rotation center rollout. Are all 15 online? And I'd love to know maybe how they've helped bridge the last mile and improve overall speed delivery.
And then the second question, switching gears and just focusing on advertising, I believe a pilot was launched or beta was launched for Amazon's ad network called CPM Ads, I think maybe late August. I'm wondering if you could provide some commentary there. Thank you.

Question_17:

    Okay, thank you very much.

Question_18:

    Great, thanks for taking my question. Can you just give us an update maybe on your views on original programming? It looked like Transparent's had some good success.
Also, just from an international standpoint, your views on the growth in China, India, as well as are you seeing signs of any increasing competition in the international, your key international markets today?

Question_19:

    Thank you.

Question_20:

    Great, thanks. Last quarter you mentioned that the AWS business saw a 90% increase in volume. Was wondering if you could give us a sense of what you've seen so far this quarter.
And then in the highlight section of the release, the first six bullet points or so that you have there are all related to the hardware side of the business. If you can just give us, now that you have a little bit more time on the hardware side of the business behind you, if you can give us a sense of what you're learning in this category and where you think Amazon's long-term position in hardware is ultimately going to be.

Question_21:

    Great, thank you.

Question_22:

    Hi, Tom. You mentioned that you need to get leverage at some point, and last call you also said something similar. But can you help you quantify the timing? In your internal modeling, when do you expect to see more meaningful leverage? When you look at your three-to-five outlook, what does the leverage picture look like there? And then, also, can you remind us what your philosophy of stock buybacks is and what it would take to get you back in the market? Thanks.

Question_23:

    Great, thank you. If you look at the phone impact in Q3, it seems to explain some of the difference versus the Street. But when you look forward to Q4 it looks like you're guiding to about 15% to 16% growth ex-FX, and again profits maybe below expectations.
Is the phone having an impact on profits in Q4, as well? And, also, when you think about the Q4 guidance, are there any events or things you want to call out? Are you being especially conservative in Q4 given recent trends? Anything different this year in the holiday?
Thank you.

Question_24:

    Thank you.

Question_25:

    Great. Thanks, just a couple questions. We saw that Amazon Fresh expanded into Brooklyn recently. Just wondering if you can discuss the decision to expand into New York City and how we should think about timing for expansion into other markets. And then if you can update us on the number of fulfillment centers globally ending the year, that would be great. Thank you.

Question_26:

    Thank you.

Question_27:

    Thanks for taking the question. Tom, you put through a price increase on the Prime service this year. Was curious what you were seeing in terms of the impact of that price increase on both the rate of adding people into Prime and the ability to control churn inside the Prime subscription base in general. And as you add additional functionality and layers into Prime, like you've done this year through the investments, whether you've thought about maybe putting in another price increase through next year. Thanks.

Question_28:

    Thanks for taking my questions. I have two, please. The first one, fulfillment ex stock-based comp was the highest it's ever been as a percentage of gross profit in the third quarter. Can you just talk about the drivers of that? Is that sortation centers or international growth? What's driving that?
And then as we think about the sortation centers what's the impact of those over next few quarters to fulfillment? Do they take awhile to get the inefficiencies out of the system like a standard DC would?

Question_29:

    Okay, great, thanks.

Question_30:

    Thanks so much for taking my questions.
First, Prime launched a referral fee recently and I'm wondering if we should take that as any indication that the membership growth has slowed or you're seeing some higher churn. And how does that referral fee get accounted for?
And then, secondly, Target launched free shipping with no hurdle for the holidays versus your $35 hurdle. Just wondering what your willingness is to leave that competitive gap during the holidays. Thanks.

Question_31:

    Okay, thanks so much.

Question_32:

    Great, thanks. Good afternoon.
A couple of follow-ups. First off, in terms of the Q4 revenue guide, are you giving any consideration in that forecast to some of the shipping issues that happened last holiday, and the ability of your shipping partners to manage your growth? And then, secondly, on paid units, can you provide a split or color between physical and digital unit growth?
Thanks.

