Answer_1:

    I will take the second part of the question first. In terms of new fulfillment centers, we have announced three in the US right now and then a few outside of the US consistent with prior years. It is early; we really like the growth that we are experiencing. We will be adding more FCs through the course of the year. But stay tuned and we'll update you as we go.
In terms of FBA, there's not a lot I can talk to there. We are very pleased with the FBA business. We think it is great for sellers, great for customers and we are pleased to offer that service.

Answer_2:

    The second half of the question there's -- it is organic so there is no -- it is consistent year-over-year. So this is the first quarter that it will be consistent year-over-year.
In terms of your question on international, we are seeing still very solid growth, 21% on a local currency basis. As you have read, certainly there is some softness from a macro standpoint that others are seeing. Hard to know whether that is impacting us and how much; we are not a bellwether for the economy. But we are very pleased with the growth that we are seeing; again 21% on a local currency basis, unit growth is actually growing substantially faster than that. So again, that is what we are seeing.
In terms of investing, you're absolutely right; we are investing in a number of geographies including certainly China we have been investing for several years, we continue to invest in there. We think it is a great long-term opportunity, but we are in investment mode. And certainly some of the more recent additions that we have had with Italy and Spain, that's certainly in investment mode as well.

Answer_3:

    Sure. As we've been consistently doing, we're giving a wide range. We think that's appropriate given all the factors. That is not something new that we are doing, that is something that we have been doing for some time. And you are right; the growth rate guidance for Q2 is 13% to 26%. Certainly foreign exchange is having an impact, that includes approximately 275 basis points of foreign exchange. So it is approximately 16% to 29% on a local currency basis.
So again, it's a wide range. And there's probably not a lot to add there, but it takes into account all of the things that we think we need to take into account as we give guidance. And in terms of the absolute dollar range, it is very similar to what we would have -- in terms of the dollar range; we would have given for Q1. I think it is maybe a $100 million difference in terms of the absolute value of that range that we gave. So again, a wide range; we think that that is appropriate.

Answer_4:

    The one factor I would call out -- first of all in terms of overall unit growth, our overall unit growth is 30% year over year, again very solid growth. It compares to approximately 49% in Q1 of last year. So we are certainly overlapping a pretty strong growth last Q1.
In terms of the physical and digital, certainly one thing that we are seeing is certainly digital is growing at a much faster rate. And where you do see that a little bit is in our third-party units as a percentage of total units. You will see that that's approximately 40% this quarter. That compares to last year up about approximately 100 basis points.
But what we are seeing is because the digital units are growing at a faster rate and they are mostly first party, you are seeing that number impacted where that percentage as a percentage of our total is not growing as fast as it has the last few quarters. And again, that is largely driven by the digital units growth that you are seeing.
So again, that's -- if you were to back out, for example, and just look at our physical units, our third party physical units as a percentage of total physical units this year versus last year is up over 300 basis points. Again, that is 3P growth as a percentage of total physical units.

Answer_5:

    We are not giving -- certainly not giving guidance on any specific line item, but certainly over a long period of time we think there is opportunity to be more productive there and there are certainly efficiency gains to be had there. And that's something that certainly the team will continuously work on.

Answer_6:

    No, I don't think that there is. I think that the team is doing a fantastic job in terms of developing services that are great for many different customer types including enterprises. And the team is heads down focused on making sure we have a great operational -- these services are great from an operational standpoint and security standpoint and they are doing a terrific job.
And so, it is a very great opportunity for enterprises to adopt our Web services and the team is certainly focused on that along with the other customers, and so -- other customer sets. So again, it is a great opportunity for those customers and for us.

Answer_7:

    Sure. It is certainly one of our digital offerings and we have a number of different -- a few different services. We have certainly content that we are using as part of our Prime offer that we have a lot of free content for customers. We think that is a great service to customers along with our express shipping offers, as well as other content that we have free, for example our Kindle owners lending library for books.
So again, we think it is a great -- Prime is a great value for customers and it's part of that value proposition. We also have a very good transaction business for video as well that's growing very, very fast and certainly customers like it and we are seeing that reflected in the results that you see today.

Answer_8:

    We are very pleased with our Kindle and digital business and we are super excited. In terms of the ecosystem, you are certainly seeing that in our results that you see today. For example, if you look at our media growth we are certainly -- that ecosystem is more penetrated there than it is in international and you see that reflected in those associated growth rates.
Another way you see it is if you take a look at our top 10 best-selling items worldwide in Q1, the top 10 are all either digital or Kindle related, Paperwhite is our best-selling product worldwide. But again, all 10 spots in the Q1 were either Kindle or digital items and I believe that that is the first time that we have seen that.
We have been looking at that from a quarterly results standpoint for some period of time and we have had various levels of the top 10, but I think this may be the first quarter that we have had all top 10 being either or Kindle related or digital related. So again, we are very pleased with what we are doing there and we are going to continue to innovate on behalf of customers.

Answer_9:

    The one thing I would say is we certainly are investing. It is certainly an area of investment and you are seeing that reflected. We are making a number of investments across the business and certainly we are investing in Kindle and our digital offerings, we are investing in some of the other things I mentioned earlier like China, some of the emerging geographies. So those are certainly some of the larger key investments we are making.

Answer_10:

    No, have nothing to announce. We are very pleased with what we have seen in the Seattle area, but again it has been a test and we continue to monitor that test carefully. It is certainly something that we see that customers love the experience. The challenge has always been making sure we can get the economics right and that is something we will continue to focus on.

Answer_11:

    Thanks for the question. Yes, it is something -- we haven't released any of the numbers, it is something that we are tracking very closely. It is something that we believe over time will reduce churn and is certainly helping today.
What we are seeing is great traction. We see a lot of usage of the service. Customers love it and we think it is a very interesting part of Prime offering and that is why we have been expanding and why you see some of the more recent announcements including some of the stuff included in the earnings release today around original content. So again, it is something that we find very interesting and we are excited about it.

Answer_12:

    No, there is not a lot I can add. I think the -- 30% is still a very strong growth rate. Again, it is growing at a faster rate than revenue, revenue at 22%, revenue at a local currency growth of 24% very strong; third-party growth continues to be very strong. Retail growth is strong.
So again, there's not a lot I can provide you there. But again, keep in mind that we are overlapping 49% growth last year Q1 which is certainly a little bit of a difficult compare. But again, pleased with the 30% growth rate.

Answer_13:

    In terms of the platform itself, we think it is a very sizable, very good long-term opportunity for us and it is something that we've been working on for some time and we just think it is very interesting. One thing you will notice on our site, we're being obviously very -- making sure the customer experience is great.
What we're really trying to do is we are trying to help customers find and discover what they want to buy online. So we are very -- again, it is very customer centric, but it is also from a business standpoint a very good long-term opportunity. We have a great team that is working on the opportunity and we are excited about the long-term potential of it.

Answer_14:

    I think the only thing I can help you with is we see -- I will take Prime customers for example. We certainly see adoption of the service in terms of free content, but those same customers are purchasing content as well. And so there is a good attachment to it which we like.
And what we see Prime members doing not just within video content, but we see them doing a lot of cross shopping. So it is not surprising; we see them do -- maybe a customer comes and has been traditionally purchasing them pre-Prime in a few categories. We find that they do a lot more cross shopping.
Same thing with digital content. As they use the service they might start with free content and then they will also continue to view and stream free content, but they will also purchase paid content. So it is a nice effect that we are seeing which is why we like Prime so much.

Answer_15:

    In terms of the international media growth, this quarter it was 1% on a dollar basis, 7% on a local currency basis. In terms of the overall growth rate, certainly what you are seeing is digital content as part of that is growing very fast, but it is not as large or as penetrated or ecosystem isn't as developed I would say as it is in the US.
And so, when you compare the two geographies for a second, that is one of the more meaningful differences that you see between the two is you see that both are growing digital content very fast, it's just the ecosystem is more built out in North America.
But again, certainly we see very positive signs in that given the growth we are experiencing in international; it's just on a lower base. So that is -- again, to be helpful there.
In terms of the unit growth, we said that our overall unit growth was 30% for the quarter. Our 3P unit growth -- I don't have the overall growth rate but it is growing at a faster rate than the total.

Answer_16:

    In terms of geographic expansion, there is not a lot I can say specifically about Brazil. We think we are in the right geographies right now. We have expanded into a number of geographies over the past few years. That is certainly something we always look at and you should expect us to expand into additional geographies over time.
In terms of any questions related to our product roadmap -- we have a long-standing practice of not talking about what we might or might not do there. But we are certainly excited about the product roadmap that we have for the future. And again, we have a long-standing practice of not giving details until closer at launch.

Answer_17:

    We are actually pleased with the growth from a customer standpoint. We have seen very good growth and we continue to -- we have many, many teams across Amazon that are just heads down focused on trying to improve the customer experience and inventing on behalf of customers. So we couldn't be more pleased with what they are doing, and you see that reflected in our overall growth rate this quarter with revenue up 24% on a local currency basis and units growing at 30% on top of a strong growth quarter last year Q1.

Answer_18:

    Great. Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.

