Question_1:

    Great, thanks. In addition, the slides have got a good breakdown of the rep and warrant reserving. Could you talk a little bit about the litigation and how to think about the litigation costs as we go forward? Because that is obviously still volatile. Maybe discuss what is still remaining that could get roped into that as we go forward.

Question_2:

    I guess just to follow up on that, because JPMorgan had indicated that they had expenses in this quarter that were substantially higher than what they would have anticipated as possible even three months ago because of a change of the regulatory environment. Do you feel like you have taken that fully into account?

Question_3:

    Just shifting gears on the mortgage business, you had a decline in rate locks that you identified; but the pipeline actually is down substantially more. Could you talk a little bit about how you see the fourth quarter and into 2014?
Because you have got both the potential for obviously a further decline as the pipeline moves through. But then again you also had a fairly high rep and warrant in the quarter. Like how should we think about that from a revenue perspective?

Question_4:

    Got it. The very last one for me is you had mentioned expected improvement in charge-offs. The provision obviously was substantially lower. How should we think about the provision relative to those charge-offs in Q4 and into 2014?

Question_5:

    Great. Thanks very much.

Question_6:

    Hi, good morning. Just one follow-up on the conversation that we just had regarding the reps and warranties and litigation. I heard you that the mono-line, three out of five are done; you established reserves for the other two based on the three out of five.
Is that part of the rep and warranty this quarter, the establishing reserves for the other two based on the three out of five done?

Question_7:

    Okay. Then on the litigation reserve, there's obviously a long list of stuff in your Q; so is it fair to say that litigation reserve was just all of the above of that long list? Or was there something specific that you saw in the quarter that drove the higher number?
I am just wondering; do we do the $1 billion quarterly in our model going forward? Or is it going to be more episodic than that?

Question_8:

    Okay. Then on the LAS expenses, you indicated that next quarter is sub $2 billion.

Question_9:

    Okay. So you highlighted that your delinquents are down half from the asset sales and half from your own actions. So is it fair to say that the reduction, roughly $300 million or so -- well, $200 million to $300 million or so, that you are calling out for next quarter is also equally half and half?
And part of the question is trying to understand. You know the run rate of how those expenses are coming out associated with the asset sale. And I am wondering; is that front-end loaded in 4Q? Is that going to be 4Q through 2Q next year?
And are the organic actions you are taking likely to be equal in size in terms of the decline in the LAS expenses?

Question_10:

    Okay, thanks. Then lastly, on page 7 you highlight the regulatory capital. Obviously it seems like you have set yourself up well for a bigger ask in CCAR from a buyback perspective. Is that a fair assumption to make?
Could you highlight how SLR factors into that? And are your SLR numbers that you present fully loaded in 3Q, or is it on a phased-in approach?

Question_11:

    Okay. Thanks a lot.

Question_12:

    Yes. Hi, good morning. Bruce, was wondering on the net interest income side; do you think that the core NII should grind higher at a similar pace that we saw this quarter? Looks like it was up $100 million, assuming no big change in rates.

Question_13:

    How should we think about the market-sensitive component? Do you still have the NII hedges on? Or is it really the FAS 91 that adds volatility from here?

Question_14:

    Okay. Over time does that FAS 91 affect dissipate, over time? Or is that always going to be with you?

Question_15:

    Okay. Then just any update on your rate sensitivity relative to where you stood at the end of last quarter for a 100 basis point move in long rates?

Question_16:

    Okay. Then just a follow-up on litigation expense. Back in July you were thinking perhaps $500 million per quarter and clearly came in much higher than that this quarter. Recognize things are fluid here, but should we be thinking of litigation expense more like this quarter or more like last? Are you able to say?

Question_17:

    Okay. Then one more clarification on the core expenses. How much did the expenses come down for mortgage so far and what do you see left on that? And then just any comment on the IB comp ratio, how we should think about that going forward.

Question_18:

    Yes, any capacity reduction that you are doing as originations come down, have you gotten the benefit from that? And how much might we expect for you to do that going forward?

Question_19:

    Okay. In terms of IB comp, what we saw this quarter and how we should think about that?

Question_20:

    Okay, thanks.

Question_21:

    Got it. Okay, thank you.

Question_22:

    Hi, thank you. Question on FICC. I think the explanation on the down 20% was fair enough, and a lot of macro and political reasons, which I get. Just curious on if you had any early comments on swaps execution and clearing impact in the quarter and what you see going forward as clients migrate.

Question_23:

    Okay.

Question_24:

    I appreciate that. Might be putting words in your mouth but it sounds like that there is a pretty good operating leverage built-in on the upside, then. In other words, it doesn't necessarily scale up and down with revenues to the same degree.

Question_25:

    Okay. One other question just on cards. Looks like issuance and balances have been growing good. I am just curious how much of that is you turning up the heat on marketing, selling through the branches, and how you feel about the outlook. Because it has been a while since we saw the industry in general have decent balance growth.

Question_26:

    Okay, perfect. Thank you.

Question_27:

    I just have a detailed question on the OCI. There was a $1.4 billion gain, I think from changes in pension. Could you just explain what that was about?

Question_28:

    That's clear. Thanks. Then just on -- talking more generally, you obviously have a lot of corporate relationships, and I guess there is some unease about what is going on in Washington. But assuming we can get through that, do you get the sense that the corporates are looking to move from margin preservation to investment? Or are they just really worried about the macro environment?
I am trying to get a sense of where loan growth could go, going forward.

Question_29:

    That's very helpful. Thanks.

Question_30:

    hey, good morning. Could you talk -- run me through the expense line a little bit on the compensation side? I guess I am just struggling a little bit with, on a year-over-year basis you guys were down around $100 million on the comp line but headcount is down 25,000 employees. Capital markets revenues are down.
Why are we seeing that stay elevated? How do we see that go down more significantly going forward?

Question_31:

    Okay. No, that's helpful on the severance. I guess I would assume that we would see some less of that going forward given the significant reductions in mortgage this quarter, right?

Question_32:

    Okay, great. Thank you.

Question_33:

    Hi, guys. Just as we think about the overall size of the balance sheet, you mentioned managing the securities book with OCI risk in mind; and obviously the securities did come down as you mentioned this quarter, while the loans are growing. How do we think about the net impact of those two, I guess looking out next several quarters?

Question_34:

    Yes, I am really focused on the loans plus the securities; because obviously liquidity levels can vary quarter to quarter and the trading book can vary quarter to quarter. So just -- I mean, loans are growing nicely, but it is being offset by securities coming down. So I am really just focused on those two components.

Question_35:

    Great. So flattish balance sheet, but optimizing the capital usage; and then obviously the NIM probably benefiting from the remix there.

Question_36:

    Then just separately, circling back on the core expenses of $13.1 billion. I guess it is $13 billion ex- the severance and there is some of the mortgage staff reductions, still some New BAC coming in, and then maybe some investments. Where does that -- on the revenue base that you have right now, where does that $13.1 billion go to, if you just fully loaded all the stuff that you can see?

Question_37:

    Okay, that is a net number; so think about it $12.4 billion, $12.5 billion?

Question_38:

    Yes. I guess I was just breaking the -- you've got the litigation, which is a moving target; you've got the LAS which you have been pretty explicit; and then everything else is the $13.1 billion that --

Question_39:

    Okay. Thank you very much.

Question_40:

    My questions have been answered. Thanks.

Question_41:

    Hi, I just wanted to clarify the New BAC benefits. How much of New BAC have you achieved?

Question_42:

    Originally I thought you were looking for mid-2015. So when you say $600 million more, that is what you mean, when you say over six or so quarters?

Question_43:

    Just to clarify the last answer, so you expect all that to hit the bottom line? Or some of that will be offset by investments and salespeople and other investments?

Question_44:

    Okay. Switching back to the legal questions, you said you had taken over $40 billion of charges. What is your legal reserve as of the end of the third quarter?

Question_45:

    $14 billion rep and warranty?

Question_46:

    Okay. Would that include anything other than the $8.5 billion settlement?

Question_47:

    So for the Gibbs & Bruns settlement you have an $8.5 billion reserve for that settlement. I think I asked this on some other earnings calls; but if that agreement was not approved by the judge, what is the potential range for that $8.5 billion reserve?

Question_48:

    Okay. Switching gears, in terms of loan growth, what is the loan utilization level? And what are you seeing as far as acceleration or deceleration in loan growth?

Question_49:

    I understand you are picking and choosing your spots more. So would you say that demand really hasn't changed a whole lot over the past year or two? Or is it picking up in certain areas?

Question_50:

    All right, thank you.

Question_51:

    Good morning. I just have a few cleanup questions. With respect to the long-term debt footprint then, have you talked about how much of the $40 billion that is coming due that you would expect to refi? Or are you going to let it all just go?

Question_52:

    Okay, thanks. That's helpful. On the last question you were asked about the litigation reserve, which understandably you don't want to go there. But do you have an estimate of what your reasonable and possible beyond the litigation reserve will be this quarter?

Question_53:

    Got it. The $1.1 billion litigation expense and I guess reserve build this quarter, can you give us a sense of how it breaks down by business unit? Because it didn't seem like it all goes to All Other.

Question_54:

    Great. That's helpful. You mentioned that you had accelerated some marketing initiatives from the fourth quarter to the third. I was just wondering if you could give us a little color on specifically what they were, since everybody is looking for growth.

Question_55:

    Got it. Then the very final question is, you had a meaningful improvement in your Basel 3 capital above and beyond the earnings, and it looks like it is a pretty meaningful reduction in the threshold and other deductions. I was wondering if you could just give us a little more granularity on what was going on there.

Question_56:

    Got it. Okay, that's great. Thanks so much for taking my questions.

