Answer_1:

    Sure. A couple things. If you recall, Betsy, we've historically been saying that the 100 basis points is in the $3.1 billion to $3.2 billion range. And think of the increase to $3.7 billion more or less just representing the recapturing of the FAS 91 that we saw this quarter.
That's why we referenced that there's been more asset sensitivity on the long side. The short-end side really hasn't changed at all.

Answer_2:

    Yes, it's a good question. I think when we looked at this last night, that the movement that we've seen so far in the first quarter of 2015 is almost identical to what we saw during the fourth quarter. So if you were to snap it off of what we saw last night, it would be a comparable-type number, realizing we still have two and a half months ago.

Answer_3:

    Yes, it's, say, if we look at -- we referenced in refi activity increased as a percentage of overall mortgage production in the fourth quarter. And as I said in my prepared remarks, if we look at the pipelines and compare the mortgage pipeline at year-end relative to the comparable period, it's up pretty significantly.
We'll just have to see how that plays out, realizing that the first quarter does tend to be a little bit seasonally slow.

Answer_4:

    The other thing, Betsy, is that in January to date there's been a stark move in the amount of applications coming in -- a very stark upward move due to this last rate fall-off. So as those things close through we'd expect to see some pickup in production this quarter from the refi.

Answer_5:

    Sure. That's a good question, John. I think there are a couple things.
The first is, if you look at in the quarter -- I think we did a good job with respect to the overall debt footprint, which was down $7 billion, which helped us out a little bit. Secondly, if you look at we were able to get another basis point out on the deposit front. And throughout the quarter we saw some loan growth that was a little bit better than what we would have seen when we spoke to you during the quarter.
The other thing that we did see during the quarter is we were able to invest and get some of the investments in the portfolio in -- I believe it was in mid-November when rates did back up. And as we go forward, we do have liquidity to invest in the second and third months of the quarter and will be prudent with how we invest it relative to OCI risk.
The other thing I would say just before we leave this, John, that I should've referenced with Betsy's point is that it's easy to focus on the FAS 91 because we're resetting the amortization of premium. I think the other thing you need to realize that we did see in the quarter is, with the rate movement up, while you do have a negative on FAS 91 you've got a significant positive from a capital perspective, where OCI in the quarter from the rate movement was north of $3 billion.

Answer_6:

    I think, as I said in my comments, the $10.4 billion you really need to start out with at about $10.2 billion because you've got two less days during the quarter. Then say there is a little bit of headwind to hold that on a core basis, and we are obviously doing everything we can to keep it as close to $10.2 billion as we can, realizing that we're not going to take outsized OCI risk.

Answer_7:

    Yes, I think as we look out and we look at the plans and actions along with the progress that we've made on the 60-plus-day delinquents, I think broadly speaking -- and as you know, this number can bounce around a little bit -- that we'd look to have the LAS expenses down to the $800 million type area by the end of the year. And we are obviously working through plans as we look out to 2016 to continue to drive that number south of $800 million as we go forward.

Answer_8:

    You know, John, I think -- I will answer at a broad level and then Bruce can touch in. So if you think about it in the fourth quarter, a couple things happened.
One is, you've got to remember the market spread, that revenue, it was down. So be careful not to forget that as we see it coming back this quarter, expect it to rise as it traditionally does in first quarter: that would be an increased expense -- which you should want, obviously.
But from the rest of it, it's basically a continuous process of taking out expenses and then either bring in the bottom line or reinvest in the growth. So to give you a straightforward way, in the fourth quarter the reduction to headcount of approximately 5,000, 1,100 or so was LAS and the rest was core activity where we just keep drawing down the expense base. At the same time, we've added salespeople during that quarter.
So what we're trying to do is -- I wouldn't expect it to fall dramatically. But I'd expect you guys to be able to see us continue to make strong investment in sales capacity, technology, products while holding expenses relatively flat with a slight downward bias, irrespective of -- you just got to be careful of compensation related to revenue, because we'd all want that to be higher.

Answer_9:

    No, not at all. You have to go back to the core premise that we talk about, which is that the Banking and Markets businesses are run as an integrated business. And a lot of the activity that we see within the Markets area is in market making and other things that are done off of the new issue platform from an underwriting perspective.
I think what we saw during the quarter, particularly in December, was that there was a significant slowdown as we saw overall volatility in the markets from both a new issue as well as a secondary market perspective that flowed through. But there were not any -- if you're looking, there were no losses or particular pain points within the Global Markets piece of the equation during the quarter.

Answer_10:

    Well, I think this is a customer profitability exercise that -- as we look at driving the franchise, the way Tom and [Fab Gall] and the team have done a good job of repositioning the equities business, we have to constrain the prime brokerage a bit due to size, because it's lower balance sheet return, as you would be aware of.
But importantly, it's a customer profitability: we're looking for customers who will use us with multiple products and services, whether it's fixed income, equities, in all aspects of fixed income. So as we take the scarce resource, which is the GAAP balance sheet and the RWA balance sheet, and allocate it across customers, we've got to make sure we get the returns, and this was a natural reflection of it.

Answer_11:

    I would say no; it's all pretty much through it right now. As you look at the revenues quarter-to-quarter they run plus or minus $1 billion, and Fab and the team have done a good job of increasing the yield from the other clients at the same time. So that absent market forces, I wouldn't expect it to have much of an effect.

Answer_12:

    Well, you've got the . There's and in there, so it is all the servicing expense in the Company is in that unit, for all good loans and bad loans. So it doesn't go to zero, but it's got to get a lot better.
Because if you start to noodle on the 4 million or so units we have in first-mortgage servicing, and think about the annualized cost, we've got to get it down significantly, make servicing mortgages make sense to us. But that's a project that we are working against doing it the right way for the customer, doing it the right way for the regulatory environment, and the consent orders and all the things that have gone on, as you're well aware of. So we've just got to keep peeling that away.
So when we say $800 million or so, that is the next way station on our train ride here. But it's got to go a lot further than that for the 3.5 million to 4 million of good units we have, so to 

Answer_13:

    Well, I think -- yes, we've talked about $0.5 [million], but I'm not sure that's a great performance in that over time either. So just assume that there is nobody more interested in driving that number down to a normalized servicing cost than this Company.

Answer_14:

    Yes. I think if you look at the -- a couple things. The first is that from a margin perspective, you had a little bit of a headwind with NII being lower than what it was. But as you look at the support costs during the quarter, I would think of that as being about 200 basis points on the margin during the quarter that we saw.

Answer_15:

    Sure. I think if we look at the amount of funded exposure across what we refer to as oil and gas, that the amount of funded exposure, which includes derivative exposure, was roughly $23 billion at the end of the year. As you look at that $23 billion, I would think of it generally as 60% that's directly reflected or affected by the price of oil. There are a lot of those that are not.
So you've got roughly $22 billion, $23 billion funded; 60% directly affected by oil. Well north of 80% of that are investment-grade borrowers. And for those noninvestment-grade borrowers, they are obviously secured facilities and in most cases have formulas upon which they can borrow based on the value of the assets that we are secured by.

Answer_16:

    I think if you think overall, one of the things that give you a perspective that we see is in the consumer spending in January -- debit and credit cards basically. We've seen the spending go up by 3%. And if you look at the fuel side of that, it's about 5% of that total spending, and it is down 28% year-over-year.
So the people are getting a benefit. Our consumer customers are getting a benefit, but they are re-spending that benefit and the overall spending levels are growing through it.
So there is competing -- there is a technical risk to the oil-producing companies that Bruce just talked you through. But the overall economy, even in the first week or so of January, we're seeing the benefit to the consumer very starkly in the year-over-year comparison.

Answer_17:

    Yes, well, I think on average the fundings are roughly 50% of what the commitments are. As it relates to the pulling back of commitments, I think what I would point to and what our teams did a very good job with is we obviously have commitments in the originate-to-distribute piece, which if we look at, we ended the year I believe with two commitments of investment-grade borrowers on an originate-to-distribute basis, one of which has had a significant positive event from a financing perspective already this year. The other is a single-A credit that will get done in the second quarter.
And outside of the investment-grade originate-to-distribute, I think there was a couple hundred million dollars that still needed to get done. So you're not pulling commitments from borrowers; but as it relates to commitments that needed to be distributed, the teams have done a very good job.

Answer_18:

    We're comfortable with the positions. You should assume as we are making these commitments in environments where oil is higher, we're continually running and stressing those portfolios to be comfortable with the commitments.
And as Brian referenced, to the extent that we are in a prolonged period where these prices persist, to the extent that there are costs that run through because of difficulties that a commercial or corporate borrower may have, that as we look across the overall credit platform you'd expect there to be offsets, given what we're seeing with consumers and other people that are benefiting from lower energy prices.

Answer_19:

    I think if you look at where we are from a TLAC perspective, we are generally in the 21% type area. And embedded in that 21% type area is the fact that structured notes -- we've assumed for that purpose that we would not benefit from structured note funding. And if we refinanced out those structured notes you'd pick up another 1% to 2% based on the current size of the debt footprint.

Answer_20:

    No, it's gross of. That is a gross of. So you're roughly 21%, call it, plus another 1% to 2% for structured notes; and then depending on the exact treatment of the buffers as we go through that, that number would be reduced by the buffers.

Answer_21:

    Yes, I think what you're going to see as we go forward is that, as we look out into our forecasted models, we would expect there to continue to be strong deposit growth throughout 2015. And as we referenced before, obviously the goal with that deposit growth is very much a focus to grow loans within our core customer segments.
As I referenced, we saw that within the Global Banking space this quarter. We saw it within Wealth Management. We are seeing pickups in overall mortgage activity.
So I think you're likely to see the balance sheet creep up as deposits come in and as we look to grow loans. I just want to make sure, though, that we remind you that we will continue to see the discretionary portfolio that has got whole loans in it, that in this rate environment they will continue to repay. So as you judge how we do on loan growth, you need to look at the core businesses.
As I said, we would expect to start to see the balance sheet move up. And at the same time, we're trying to get things that don't have a return and aren't core to what we do off. But to your point, I think we are largely through that.

Answer_22:

    Yes, and I think if you think about it, say two years ago I think we cited about $100-odd-billion of noncore loans; that's down around to $30 billion. And a dominant part of that is still in the home equity area, quite frankly.
So in the card business and in the Business Banking area where we had some stuff that was put on by some predecessor company, we're largely through all that. And that's why you're seeing some growth there.
So the card you saw grow; it's seasonal, but it grew and it started to -- it's been stable for a number of quarters. The good home equity side is growing quite strongly.
The stuff we're running off in home equity starts is high charge-off contents, a better decision economic for the Company to run it. But the rest of the loan balances, we ought to see grow, with the exception of the discretionary residential mortgage holdings which will continue to run down, based on a better view of what we want to do for [ALCO] management going forward.

Answer_23:

    That's correct.

Answer_24:

    Yes, we've done a lot of work. We have not put anything out public on that, but as we've looked through it and sorted through it, we do not see that being a constraint as we go forward.

Answer_25:

    Sure. We're not going to provide an estimate, but what I would say is that, as you look at overall capital levels, if you start with the numerator, as we project out and look at the earnings stream we think that at least through 2015, and possibly into the first part of 2016, that on average -- and you can have some quarterly bounces around based on timing and payments -- but that generally we should accrete capital over the course of at least four and up to six quarters largely based on the pretax earnings of the Company, as opposed to the after-tax earnings. And that's what you saw during the fourth quarter.
The other thing on the numerator, as I referenced, that there is -- and if we were to snap a quarter today, there would be OCI benefit from the downward movement in rates.
As it relates to what we are seeing on the risk-weighted assets side, I would say generally we continue to benefit, although it declines a little bit each period. We continue to benefit from the runoff of some of the Global Markets positions that would have been put on in the 2005 to 2008 time frame that tended to have tenors of 7 to 10 years.
In addition to that, as we continue to have payoffs and as we continue to move out some of the tougher Consumer Real Estate assets and put higher-quality real estate assets on that are better credit borrowers, while the asset levels may stay comparable you do have an RWA pickup from that as well.

Answer_26:

    No, I mean I think as you look forward, these tend to be -- I think outside of op-risk quarter we had roughly $30 billion of risk-weighted asset benefit under the Advanced Approach. Roughly half of that was in the consumer books, half of it was in the wholesale books. I think you'll continue to see benefits, but I don't think you'll see the quarterly benefit of that magnitude on a go-forward basis.

Answer_27:

    The biggest thing you had in home equity this quarter is that I believe it was roughly $150 million that went through charge-off that was related to the DOJ settlement. So realize you have $150 million of charge-off, $150 million of reserve; so from a net P&L perspective, it was a push.
But you did have that during the quarter, and it's the reason that we wanted to give you the core charge-off number Q3 to Q4. Because as we implement the DOJ settlement you will see both charge-off and reserve release come out in each of probably the first and second quarter; then we should be largely through that.

Answer_28:

    Answer the question slightly differently, which is that as we work through an iterative process with our regulatory supervisors, we do believe at this point that, from an op-risk perspective, that we are adjusted and the amount of op-risk RWA that we have now is consistent with what you would need to exit parallel run.

Answer_29:

    We think with respect to op-risk RWA that we are there. We obviously need to get through those elements that are the rest of parallel run. But from an op-risk perspective we feel like we're there.

Answer_30:

    Yes, it's interesting, and we have to be a little bit careful. I would say as we looked at the backlog in the pipeline, particularly from an M&A perspective, that we feel very good about where the pipeline was at year-end. It's one of the stronger year-end pipelines that we have.
I think the only tone of caution I would say is that we've obviously seen a little bit more volatility in both the fixed income and equity new issue markets. But as it relates to the amount of business that we are winning, that's getting queued up and is in the pipeline, we feel very good about that. It was a good back backlog at year-end.

Answer_31:

    I think the only thing that's out there is that, as part of exiting parallel run we are working through with our supervisors the different wholesale and other credit models that you need to exit parallel run. So we are working through that.
But I think absent that, you're largely at the point of looking at and you'd expect that the RWA is going to largely follow the GAAP balance sheet. The one thing, and I think you all know this, where you could possibly diverge from that is that there is a procyclicality to the extent that you have volatility in the Markets businesses as it relates to the stress VaR calculations that go into the risk-weighted asset. But outside of that, you would directionally expect it to follow the GAAP balance sheet.

Answer_32:

    I think you're probably going to largely see it in the ZIP Code and probably be most correlated to the overall deposit balances. If you look at the range that we've been running at over the last 12 months, it's been in the 2.1 to 2.15, 2.175 type area. And I'd expect that area or that range to hold for 2015.

Answer_33:

    Sure. Well, I think if we go back -- and let's start with the fact that we saw during the quarter that if we back out any impact of loan sales as well as the DOJ settlement, charge-offs in the fourth quarter came down from $1.2 billion to just over $1 billion. I think as you look at charge-offs, when you're at virtually zero from a commercial perspective, it's hard to see getting much better than that.
I do think where we are probably a little bit different is that as we continue to work through -- and we had another solid improvement of a couple billion dollars from an NPL perspective within the Consumer Real Estate space -- that we continue to work through and reduce those tougher Consumer Real Estate credits. But I think that if you look at this $1 billion charge-off type level that we've seen, we're probably at areas where you're going to see that flatten out.
I think as we look forward there may be a little bit of reserve release on the front end -- on the first half of the year. And you'd probably expect that to flatten out and go away as we get through 2015.

Answer_34:

    Yes, it did. It [does] that and the plus side is that you have an ability to push the numbers down faster as the economy continues to improve and the market continues to improve and the opportunities for borrowers and time passes, frankly.
The flip side of that, though, is in the states that -- in the areas where the process is slow, you're sort of boiling the beaker, and what's left is in the really slow areas. So we've sort of caught up in the states where the process goes through at a reasonable fashion; and we still have the laggards in places that the process is traditionally oriented.
So I think you're absolutely right. There is a bias that as you get better at it and get lower, it starts improving; but against that you get to some of the rocks that are harder to move because the process is so slow.
Secondly is, remember that we had -- we took it up to almost 58,000 employees in that business. And there is a lag to getting the real estate costs out and letting off the buildings and all the stuff that we have to do. So we've got to be a little careful we're getting ahead of ourselves.
The headcount comes out first; the facilities then come out second. And so we are working hard on that.
So you're right, that once you see the improve -- the pace of improvement continues almost nominally or even nominally better than the past, but there are obvious -- there are just some things that work against you in terms of assets left are harder, and then secondly there is a lag to the hard costs over and above the people costs.

Answer_35:

    It's the FAS 91, Guy; you're absolutely correct.

Answer_36:

    We probably wondered the same thing this quarter. All kidding aside, I think if you go back, you're right; there are two ways that you can do this.
The first is the way that we do it, which is: you have the premium; you look at the average life of the premium; and each quarter you reset it and basically retroactively make that adjustment from when it started. And that was the determination that we had made a number of years ago.
But you're right. The other way that that is allowed and provided for under GAAP is that you just basically adjust as you go, and take it through the P&L as you go. And you can do it either of two ways, and we obviously do it the way that we do.

Answer_37:

    No, I think it goes the other way. The reality is, is that we run through the P&L that amortization to catch up for, in effect, if rates ended up being lower than when the premium was set on. So I think the way that we do it is absolutely appropriate.
And keep in mind, the other thing -- and I referenced in my earlier comment -- is that as you do this from a balance sheet perspective, you're always adjusting the valuation of your AFS securities to be the fair market value at the time that you publish your financials. And obviously that flows through OCI.

Answer_38:

    It will not result in a large portion of mortgages being moved. There may be a smaller amount or a percentage of it that we continue to evaluate, because the one thing that we want to make sure that we do is to have the geography of the financial statements motivate the behavior of the people that serve the client base that they do.
So there may be possibly a relatively small amount of home equity loans that could travel into the Consumer business. But it's not going to be anything that distorts things in any meaningful way.

Answer_39:

    I think there's a couple parts of that. The first is, I think if you look at overall risk levels that we ran within the Global Markets business and if you look at our information that we put out at year-end, that even with a little bit of a pickup in volatility at year-end, VaR was at low levels and overall balance sheet levels were at low levels as we exited the year.
I think we are nine trading days into the quarter, so I think it's a little bit early to forecast what you would expect for the quarter for the overall sales and trading businesses. The only thing I would say is that clearly the activity levels that we've seen, that it's been more of a return to normal than what we experienced in the month of December, but I wouldn't want anyone to draw any conclusions when we are nine days through 62 trading days in a quarter.

Answer_40:

    Yes, my recollection is there was -- roughly a third of that came from the sales of both servicing as well as the underlying loans themselves. Then in addition to that, we saw continued improvement in the net new 60-pluses. And then we obviously worked others through the normal foreclosure process, as well as for those borrowers that cured.

Answer_41:

    I'd say it is much too early to figure out what the oil price impact would have on mortgage defaults. What we are saying is you're actually seeing consumers spend the money they are getting; and you're seeing the consumer credit quality stay strong.
But as you project out a period of low prices, you would see a benefit on the consumer side offset by the commercial side. So I'm not sure, Paul, in the context of what's in that 60-day bucket that it will have a meaningful impact.
It hasn't had a meaningful impact so far. It's just pretty early days.
But the good news is if you look at our delinquencies in the first-mortgage portfolios they keep coming down. And that's what drives long-term reduction.

Answer_42:

    Consumer spending increased. Is that what you're referencing, Paul?

Answer_43:

    So far, January of 2015 versus January of 2014, spending on credit and debit cards is up about 3% year-over-year. And that is overcoming a drag effect of about 1.5 percentage from lower fuel prices.

Answer_44:

    If I understand your question, I think that the answer to that is no. If you go back and look at -- with the exception of last year, the fourth quarter does tend to be the weakest quarter of the year seasonally. It was obviously a little bit more so this quarter.
But structurally, there's nothing that would lead you to that. I would just -- obviously, it's a market that ebbs and flows. But no, there is not anything structural that would lead you to believe that that should be different.

Answer_45:

    Well, I think largely what you saw in the fourth quarter was a reflection of the change in the incentive levels due to the lower revenue. And you'd expect that to happen.
But let me bring that up a little higher to a more broader point, which is about two, three years ago, Tom Montag and the team made a fundamental restructuring of that business to drop its expense base to where as long as we get $2.5 billion more revenues, more or less, we start making some money. And if you adjust the FVA charge, which is the one-time charge, they made somewhere around $300 million this quarter, to give you a sense.
So in its worst quarter, it earns $300 million; in its best quarter it earns over $1 billion. And that largely is really marginally profitable when you see the revenues go from the high $2 billions to the, say, $3 billion level up to the $4 billion level. Most of that comes through with a tariff on compensation of around 19%, 20% or something like that.
So there is elasticity, but as you get the lower level you start to hit the floor on the fixed cost structure.

Answer_46:

    Yes -- no, one of the things you've got to be careful of is they reflect -- all these charges that we talk about in NII get pushed out to all the businesses. So there's some elements that really aren't in the business's control, for lack of a better term.
And then secondly, you're still seeing -- as we move from a period where reserve releases were going on at the business level, you're seeing provision changes across-the-board that have it. But by and large, the rest, if you look at the fees and the direct expenses, which are the two things they control the most, you see a pretty good relationship going on and pretty good stability.
And I'd say as you look across the businesses, the Consumer Bank continues to make good progress on sales capabilities. And its actual sales, you can look at some of the later pages; you can see it.
I said Wealth Management, we've got to make sure the expenses and the revenue stay in line there. We talked about that last quarter, and John Thiel and the team, especially in Merrill Lynch, are doing a good job of getting after that.
Then in Banking, I think you've seen a pretty good relationship, if you back out the fundamental impacts of FAS 91 and the provision and things like that, which they -- those are adjustments we make at the top of the house and push through.

Answer_47:

    Yes, I'd say, Mike, the other piece of that is obviously the credit costs you've got to think about, in terms of if you look back and look at the higher revenue levels at the time. The charge-off run rate was $2 billion and $3 billion a quarter; at one quarter it was $10 billion if you remember, for cards especially. So be careful about that.
But I'd say your point really is: what do you do from now forward? And we see -- we talked about it in the core expense base, leave aside the LAS, the litigation, all that stuff, but just the core expense base. Basically what we continue to do is to take out nonproductive expenses and invest part of that back in the franchise and bring part of that to the ability to see that core line continue to move down -- nudge down.
Remember that when we are doing this we're absorbing health cost increases, wage and salary increases, incentive comp increases. So we are heavily focused on maintaining a rational balance between the core revenue and the core expense dynamic going forward.
So you should expect, assume, that there is a continuous program of looking at this, to continue to simplify our Company, continue to take out the vestiges of the cost of the crisis. And as we have downsized the Company, take out the overhead that was harder to shake out, as you're well aware.
So we are laser focused on it. But I think on the other hand, we continue to invest in sales capacity; and you see that reflected in things like card sales and home equity sales and auto loan sales, direct auto loan sales. All increased.

Answer_48:

    No. Remember, we absorb -- if you think of 60% of our costs being people costs, and you think of inflationary level of cost increases of 3% on those, basically to keep costs down and flattish you've got to work your tail off. Whether -- and that's the process going forward.
We had to drop the cost down to get into a reasonable level. We'll continue to make improvement relative to the revenues.
And if the world gets different, we will then have to revisit it. But right now in this revenue environment, even a slow growth environment, we can keep the costs flat as revenues start to rise.

Answer_49:

    Mike, we don't give specific projections, but our goal is to continue to take the earnings from the $3 billion level this quarter and drive them forward. And our view is that, based on everything we see, as we see the impact of all the work we're doing plus the rollover of the cost saves, the reduction in LAS costs, the litigation falling back to the kinds of levels you saw this quarter, you'll see us move towards those long-term goals of 1% ROA and 12% return on tangible common equity.

Answer_50:

    We take additional action on expenses every afternoon. In other words, we had 4,000 reduction in FTE in the fourth quarter of 2014, Mike, out of the core franchise to keep getting efficient. So we work on expenses every day, and we have teams of people working to do all the things that you expect us to do.

Answer_51:

    Yes, Nancy; sorry if we confused you. Let's talk about the production of new card units.
That's the 1.2 million -- 1.184 million, if you look on page 19 you can see that; and you can see it building from the fourth quarter of 2012, 830 million -- or 830,000. So the first is production of units, and the second was balances.
Balances in the card business were up in the fourth quarter almost $3 billion, $2.5 billion to $3 billion. That we've got to be careful, because it's Christmas season; people spend and borrow and then they pay down.
So the point there is that has a little seasonal help to it. But if you look back in prior quarters you've seen a stability in our card balances, which as we continue to sell more units and people continue to use the card, we ought to expect a positive growth there.
But it's units at 1.2 million. Balances grew at $2.5 billion to $3 billion, and the balances are common in seasonality. Units have been above 1 million new production units each quarter for the last several quarters.

Answer_52:

    Yes, that is our core card offering. We've simplified our offering to three or four core products, and that's the biggest one. And it's contributing to card income being up year-over-year by about 7%. Bruce, come in.

Answer_53:

    Yes.

Answer_54:

    So that card is selling well. And the good news, as you can see, is 67% came through basically our web online sales process and our branch sales process in the core customer. So we continue to drive it.

Answer_55:

    It's a couple things to that, Nancy. I think the first is that we've said that over the course of a couple years that we need that Wealth Management margin to get to 30%. I think you've got a couple things going on right now.
In the low rate environment, that business has an artificial drag because, as you know, you don't tend to pay out compensation, which is a significant portion of the expense, to those things that are net interest income related. So we would expect -- we also have in 2016 some deferred comp and other programs running off; so as we go through over the course of the next couple years, between the business growing, a normalization of rate environment, and some other things that that should be a 30% type pretax margin business.

Answer_56:

    I think we're through all the questions. So thank you very much for joining us and we'll look forward to speaking next quarter.

