
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Facebook's third-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me today to discuss our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and Dave Wehner, CFO. Before we get started I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those statements contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in today's press release and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and an accompanying investor presentation are available on our website at investor.FB.com. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks Deborah, and thanks everyone for joining today. We had another good quarter. Our community continues to grow around the world. We're pleased to see nearly 1.8 billion people now use Facebook every month, and nearly 1.2 billion people use it every day. It's also great to see the continued growth and strength of engagement on our platform. And our ads growth is growing at a healthy rate as well. Total revenue grew by 56% year over year to $7 billion. And advertising revenue is up 59% to $6.8 billion. 
I want to start by talking about our work around putting video first across our app. People are creating and sharing more video. And we think it's pretty clear that video is only going to become more important. So that's why we're prioritizing putting video first across our family of apps and taking steps to make it even easier for people to express themselves in richer ways. One way we're putting video first is through live video on Facebook. Since May the number of people going live at any given moment has grown by 4 times. People have gone live from all seven continents, and also from outer space. 
Another recent example is Instagram Stories, which we launched in August. Instagram Stories is a lightweight way for people to share moments of their day through photos and videos that appear in a slideshow format and disappear after 24 hours. Stories now has more than 100 million daily actives. We also improved the explore tab in Instagram to include more videos in stories, and it has 100 million daily actives now as well. In addition to making it easy to share video, we also want to make it easier to capture video. In most social apps today, a text box is still the default way we share. Soon, we believe a camera will be the main way that we share. We're already testing this in our main Facebook app with a version that has a camera directly just one swipe away from newsfeed with creative effects for your photos and videos. And in Messenger we're testing new camera and video features. We'll be experimenting with even more visual messaging tools over the next few months, as well. So those are a few examples of some of the things that we're doing to put video first across our family of apps. 
Now I'll give you an update on our progress over our 3-, 5-, and 10-year time horizon. Over the next three years we're focusing on making our core services more useful and engaging. The 2016 Summer Olympics were huge on Facebook, with more than 270 million people creating 1.5 billion interactions. Facebook helped bring the world together. And athletes, fans, media went live throughout the Games, including athletes who went live from the Olympic Village, and Michael Phelps who even announced his retirement on our platform. 
This election season has also driven a lot of conversations, including on Facebook where we've made it easier for voters and candidates to communicate with each other. In the first nine months of this year 109 million people on Facebook in the US generated over 5.3 billion posts, comments and likes ands shares related to the election. During the primaries and in September, we also added a register-to-vote link at the top of our Facebook app that we estimate helped more than 2 million people register to vote, some who were registering for the first time. Facebook really is the new townhall. And we're proud of the role that we've played in enabling dialogue and increasing civic engagement. That's the three-year update. 
Over the next five years we're going to keep building ecosystems around products that a lot of people already use every day. Instagram, Messenger and WhatsApp each have large communities. But we have a lot more work to do on all of them. I think about our progress here in three phases. The first phase is building a great consumer experience and getting it to scale. The second phase is about enabling people to organically interact with businesses. And then the third phase is to give businesses tools to reach more people. That's where we build our business. 
Right now Instagram has moved into that third phase. Instagram has more than 500 million monthly actives and more than 300 million daily actives. We're making good progress helping businesses and marketers use Instagram in new ways. And Sheryl will talk more about that in a few minutes. Messenger is early in the second phase. We're helping businesses and consumers increasingly interact in richer ways. To date there are 33,000 bots live on Messenger. We also launched Messenger Light, which is designed to make messaging fast and easy with a wide variety of Android phones and for people who are slower networks as well. A lot of businesses use WhatsApp already. But we're going to really start working on the second phase in the next. Right now we're testing new camera features and we're continuing to keep features fast and reliable on multiple devices in every network condition. 
Finally, we're starting to build communities around completely new apps. This quarter we launched Workplace to help make organizations more connected and productive. Workplace is a communications platform that uses features that people know, like newsfeed, groups and messages to help them collaborate and share at work the same way that they do ever else. Already more than 1,000 organizations are using Workplace including Starbucks, Royal Bank of Scotland, and , and we're adding more all the time. 
We're also getting new services to scale in the core app. In October we also launched the Marketplace tab to help people discover, buy and sell things with people in their community. While we just launched Marketplace, many millions of people have been buying and selling things in Facebook for sale groups for a while. We think this is going to be an important tool going forward. 
Over the next 10 years we're going to continue to invest in the platforms and technologies that will connect more people in more places and allow everyone in the world to have a voice. We focused our long-term innovation road map around three areas: connectivity initiatives that bring more people online, artificial intelligence, and virtual and augmented reality. On connectivity, through our efforts with Internet.org, we've connected 40 million people, based on our best estimates. And we're making good progress with our Express Wi-Fi program which empowers entrepreneurs to build a business by providing their community with access to the internet. On artificial intelligence we're starting to see the impact that AI can have on enhancing people's experiences on Facebook and showing them more of what they care about. More than 40 teams at Facebook and more than 25% of our engineers are already using AI to power the products and services they build. We've made changes to and improvements to our AI in order to filter out misleading clickbait stories from newsfeed. And we're using AI to help find terrorist propaganda on Facebook. It's still early, but we think that AI will help improve the quality of what people see and can share on our platform. 
We also took some important steps forward on virtual reality to help people experience the world in richer and more immersive ways. At Oculus Connect we announced that touch controllers for Rift will ship in early December with 35 games and experiences exclusively built for touch. Since we believe the next phase of VR is great software experiences, we're investing another $250 million in virtual reality content on top of the money that we've already invested. 
So this was a very busy third quarter. And 2016 is shaping up to be a year of important progress for Facebook. Our business is performing well. And while I'm happy about what we've accomplished, we're really just getting started. We want to continue to invest aggressively to accomplish our goals, which is why we're hiring, especially in engineering, which is going to be one of our top priorities going into 2017. Dave will say more about this in his remarks. Everything we do is about opening the world to everyone and helping more people to connect and share. So I want to thank our entire community, all of our teams, our partners, and our shareholders for being a part of this journey with us. Now here's Sheryl. 

Thanks Mark, and hi everyone. We had a great third quarter. Q2  ad revenue grew 59%. Mobile ad revenue reached $5.7 billion, up 70% year over year, and was approximately 84% of total ad revenue. Our growth was broad based across all regions, marketer segments, and verticals. In Q3 we announced that we have over 4 million active advertisers on Facebook and over 500,000 active advertisers on Instagram. The number of advertisers on both platforms continues to grow quickly. And we're pleased to see more and more of them using the full range of our ad products. 
We continue to focus on our three priorities: capitalizing on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers using our ads products, and making our ads more relevant and effective. First, capitalizing on the shift to mobile. People have shifted to mobile, and we remain focused on helping businesses catch up. We know that marketing shifts take time. The first TV ads showed people standing in front of microphones reading their radio ads. Similarly, many of the first mobile video ads were  TV ads dropped into mobile. Ads optimized for each platform often perform better. So marketers are increasingly tailoring their creative for mobile. 
We're excited to see the world's largest advertisers realize that the small screen is big. In September P&G Chief Brand Officer Mark Pritchard, GM CEO Mary Barra, and I addressed the Ad Week audience together. Mark described how P&G is creating mobile video ads designed to grab attention in the first few seconds. He shared the example of Tide. In a typical TV ad they start with a clean dress or shirt, show it getting stains, and then cleaned with Tide. On mobile they need to communicate the product value more quickly. So they start by showing Tide cleaning a stained garment. 
Mary shared GM's success with Facebook Mobile video ad. In Q3 GM subsidiary Holden used Carousel Ads with video to maximize its sponsorship of Australia's Premier Rugby Tournament. Holden created a video series about their support of youth rugby. The ads generated an 8-point lift in brand favorability for the overall audience  and a 15-point lift amongst their  target audience of women over 35. For many small businesses a shift to mobile means leveraging video for the very first time. Rather than needing a camera crew and production budget, anyone with a smartphone can shoot a video and share it on Facebook. In the past month alone over 3 million small businesses have posted a video on Facebook, including organic posts and ads. 
Our second priority is growing the number of marketers using our ad products. We continue to focus on our advertiser pipeline. In Q2 we announce that over 60 million businesses use our free Facebook pages product each month. And we introduced the Instagram equivalent, Business Profiles, which are being used by 1.5 million businesses. On past calls I've talked about product simplification as a driver of advertiser growth on Facebook. Now with the launch of promoted posts, we're seeing that on Instagram too. Like boosted posts on Facebook, promoted posts on Instagram are an easy way to start advertising. And we're pleased with adoption. Over 85% of business pages are active on mobile. We're making it easier for advertisers to manage campaigns from their phones. 
In Q3 we added a feature that shows marketers a preview of a potential ad in newsfeed just as our customers would see it. They can then run the ad with just a few taps from their mobile device.  Making it easy to advertise from a mobile phone is especially important in emerging markets. For businesses operating in areas with weak network connections, we continue to build advertising tools into Facebook Light, our low bandwidth app, and are making more of them available offline. 
Our third priority is making our ads more relevant and effective. Our goal is to be the number one driver of growth  for our clients. In Q3 we introduced tools to help businesses find people around the world who look like their current customers and target the ones most likely to convert. For example, SA Company, an outdoor gear and apparel business started by a young man out of his parents' home, used international look-alike targeting to reach customers in 32 countries and increase sales by 37%. We're focused on driving purchases online and in stores. In Q2 we launched estimated store visits, which show advertisers how many people came to their store after seeing an ad. And this quarter we made it possible for advertisers to optimize campaigns for in-store visits. We also expanded dynamic ads, a proven way to drive online sales for in-store retail objectives. Businesses can use dynamic ads for retail to show people the products available at their closest location in real time and reach people likely to visit their stores. To prove the value we're driving for our partners we continue to invest in measurement. This quarter we announced new third-party partnerships with Nielsen Datalogix, Visual IQ and Marketshare to help our clients measure how Facebook ads drive business results. 
We're pleased with the value we're driving for our partners. And we remain focused on helping them make the shift to mobile. With only a small fraction of businesses on Facebook and Instagram advertising, we have a lot of opportunity in front of us. We also have a lot of hard work to do to help our partners around the world use mobile to drive their businesses. I want to thank our clients around the world for their partnership, and congratulate our global teams on the results of their continued focus and dedication. Thanks. And now here's Dave. 

Thanks Sheryl, and good afternoon everyone. Q3 was another strong quarter for Facebook. Total revenue grew 56% and exceeded $7 billion for the first time. And we delivered $2.4 billion in GAAP net income, up 166%. We saw healthy growth and engagement in our community, as well as broad-based strength in our mobile apps business. Let's start with our community metric. In September 1.18 billion people used Facebook on an average day, up 172 million, or 17% compared to last year. This daily number represents 66% of the 1.79 billion people that used Facebook in the month of September. Mobile continues to drive our growth, with 1.09 billion people accessing Facebook on mobile on an average day in September, up approximately 197 million, or 22% compared to last year. 
Turning now to the financials. My comments today will focus on our GAAP financial metrics. And all of our comparisons are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial metrics is included in our press release and earnings slide. Q3 total revenue was approximately $7 billion, up 56%. Q3 ad revenue was $6.8 billion, up 59%. Exchange rates did not impact our overall growth this quarter, as headwinds in certain currencies were offset by tailwinds in others. Asia Pacific and North America were our fastest growing regions, with ad revenue growth rates of 64% and 62% respectively. Ad revenue grew at a rate of 50% or more in all regions in Q3. Mobile ad revenue was $5.7 billion, up 70% and representing approximately 84% of total ad revenue. On prior calls we have discussed the supply and demand factors that drive our mobile ads business. As Sheryl noted earlier, advertiser demand remained strong in Q3 across all geographies, verticals, and marketer segments. We also benefited from  growth in users, time spent, and ad load. It is worth noting that desktop ad revenue grew 18%, which is higher than growth rates in recent quarters and was aided by our efforts to limit the impact of ad blockers on advertising served via web browsers. 
Our price volume trends were similar to those we reported last quarter. The average price per ad increased 6% in Q3, while total ad impressions increased 50%. The reported increase in price continues to be driven by the ongoing mix shift towards mobile, where we show only higher priced feed ads. Impression growth was primarily driven by mobile's feed ads on Facebook and Instagram. 
Payments and other fees revenue was $195 million, down 3%. Payments and other fees revenue is largely generated from being played on personal computers, which has declined as people spend less time on their PCs. Q3 total expenses were $3.9 billion, up 28%. This includes $839 million of share-based compensation expenses and related payroll taxes, as well as $195 million of amortization of intangible assets. In Q3 we hired over 1,200 people and ended the quarter with approximately 15,700 employees, up 31% compared to last year. We remain committed to investing aggressively in hiring, including expanding our technical and recruiting teams globally. 
Q3 operating income was $3.1 billion, representing a 45% margin. Our tax rate was 25%. GAAP net income was $2.4 billion, or $0.82 per share. Q3 capital expenditures were $1.1 billion. Year to date through September capital expenditures were $3.2 billion, up 76%, driven by investments in data centers, servers, office buildings, and network infrastructure. In addition to our new data center projects in Texas and Ireland, we recently broke ground on our seventh data center facility in New Mexico, which we anticipate will come online in late 2018. We generated approximately $2.5 billion of free cash flow. And ended the quarter with $26.1 billion in cash and investments. 
Turning now to the outlook for the remainder of 2016. First, some color on revenue. We continue to expect that revenue growth rates will decline in Q4 as we lap a strong fourth quarter in 2015. We also continued to expect that our total payments and other fees revenue in Q4 will be lower than it was in the fourth quarter of last year. 
Turning now to the 2016 expense outlook. Based on our year-to-date results and our updated view of the remainder of the year, we are adjusting our expense guidance ranges. We now expect that full-year 2016 GAAP expense growth will be at the lower end of our prior range of 30% to 35%. We expect full-year 2016 amortization expenses to be approximately $700 million to $800 million, and that full-year 2016 share-based compensation expenses to be approximately $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion. Accordingly, we anticipate that our total non-GAAP expenses, which exclude those share-based compensation and amortization expenses, will grow in the range of 40% to 45%, down from our prior range of 45% to 50%. We anticipate full-year capital expenditures to be approximately $4.5 billion as we invest aggressively to support the rapid growth of the business. We expect that our Q4 and full-year 2016 tax rates will be in line with the year-to-date tax rates. 
I also wanted to provide some brief comments on 2017. First on revenue. As I mentioned last quarter, we continue to expect that ad load will play a less significant factor driving revenue growth after mid-2017. Over the of past two years we have averaged about 50% revenue growth in advertising. Ad load has been one of the three primary factors fueling that growth. With a much smaller contribution from this important factor going forward, we expect to see ad revenue growth rates come down meaningfully. Secondly, on expenses. Although it is premature to provide specific expense guidance, as Mark mentioned, we anticipate 2017 will be an aggressive investment year. Adding top engineering talent remains one of our key investment priorities as we continue to execute on our 3-, 5-, and 10-year road map. We will continue to invest in our ability to recruit top technology talent, both in the Bay area and beyond. In addition, we expect to grow capital expenditures substantially as we continue to fund the ongoing data center expansion efforts that we have under way. 
Finally, I wanted to share some plans on the use of cash starting in 2017. Beginning in January, we intend to fund withholding taxes due on employee equity awards via net share settlement rather than our current approach of requiring employees to sell our shares of common stock to cover taxes upon vesting of such awards. We expect this change will increase our cash flows and correspondingly result in less dilution -- our cash outflows, and correspondingly result in less dilution. If we had used this approach in 2016, our cash outflows would have increased by approximately $1.8 billion in the year through September. 
To wrap things up, Q3 was another strong quarter for Facebook. Our results reflected the continued growth and engagement of our community around the world and the strength of our mobile apps business. With that, operator, let's open up the call for questions.