
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Facebook's  fourth-quarter and full year earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Mark Zuckerberg, CEO; Sheryl Sandberg, COO; and David Ebersman, CFO. 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that, during the course of this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding the  future events and the future financial performance of the Company. We caution you to consider the important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, in the press release and this conference call. These risk factors are described in our press release and are more fully detailed under the caption risk factors in our quarterly report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2012. In addition, please note that the date of this conference call is January 30, 2013 and any forward-looking statements that we make today are based on the assumptions as of this date. We undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. this call is being broadcast on the internet, and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Facebook website at investor.FB.com. A rebroadcast of the call will be available after 6.00 PM Pacific Time today. The earnings press release and an accompanying investor presentation are also available on our website. After management's remarks we will host a Q&A session.  
And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Thanks, everyone, for joining us. 2012 was a big year for us. We made this big transition where now there are more people using Facebook on mobile every day than on desktops. This was challenging for us to navigate, since we started off the year with Apps that weren't as high quality as we wanted, and no ads in our Apps at all, but now we're coming out of the year with a strong foundation and a lot of momentum. Just last week, comScore put out a report, saying Facebook is now 23% of all time spent on Apps in the US, and one of the next  biggest Apps is Instagram at 3%, so put together, we're now more than a quarter of the time spent in Apps. Today, there is no argument, Facebook is a mobile company. As I've said before, there are three main parts of our strategy, build the best mobile product, build the platform and services that leverage the social graph, and build a really strong monetization engine. 
I'm going to use our time today the same way I will on most of these calls, to give my assessment of how I think we're doing in each of these big areas. Let's start with mobile. I think more people are starting to understand that mobile is a great opportunity for us. Mobile is the perfect device for Facebook for three reasons -- it allows us to reach more people; we have more engagement from the people who we reach; and I think we'll also be able to make more money for each minute people spend with us on their mobile devices. But mobile isn't just driving greater engagement on Facebook. Mobile enables many new experiences, and is growing overall share and across all Apps. This creates a very dynamic ecosystem, and one where there's a lot of room for us to create even more sharing through Facebook. 
Often, doing a good job is just about focusing on basic issues like performance and stability. In December, we released a completely rewritten version of Facebook for Android. This was the Android version of the iOS rewrite we did earlier last year. Neither of these rewrites added big new features, but simply by improving speed and stability, we've made a much better user experience, enabling people to share even more. It's a good example of how early we are in the market that these changes made such a difference. 
Photos and Instagram are doing really well too. We had our best day ever on New Year's Day with more than 600 million photos uploaded to Facebook. Instagram has continued growing very quickly, and hopefully we'll have some new milestones to share with you all soon. A lot of what we had to do last year was simply to improve our mobile development process. Now we're there. 
We move fast and ship new versions of our Apps on a regular monthly cycle. You have a good version of all of the Facebook features you know and want on your phone. So now, the next thing we're going to do is get really good at building new mobile first experiences. That's going to be a big theme for us this year. If we do this well, we should be able to bring even more relevant content and connections to more people, and continue to deepen their engagement. 
Next I want to talk about platform and building new services, using the social graph. Normally I'll use this section to talk about what's going on in the ecosystem outside of our Company, but this quarter, I think we built the most interesting new service using the social graph, Graph Search. This is an early beta product, but I'm really excited about it, because it's an entirely new kind of search. It's not web search, it's structured search over the whole graph of content that people have mapped out on Facebook. It's good for lots of things you wouldn't use a traditional search engine for; seeing where your friends have eaten or traveled to, browsing photos and content your friends have posted, finding new people to meet or recruit for a job, and many other things. 
Some of these are big areas, where we think there's room for much better product. Down the line, if we do this well, this could potentially turn into a meaningful business for us. For now, we're going to continue working to refine the product and roll it out to everyone. Still, I think the way the Graph Search is different from normal web search is a good example of how there's going to be this market for a whole new crop of social services, in existing markets today that weren't designed with the principles of real identity and social connections, et cetera. 
One platform development that I am really excited by is seeing how well our App install advertising product is doing. Developers are finding that Facebook is a great service for connecting with the right people who want to use their Apps, and getting a lot of installs. On mobile, our platform already enables developers to help you bring your friends to a developers App. We also want to be one of the primary ways that developers get new people to their Apps in the first place, and with App install ads, we're off to a good, if early, start in achieving that. 
Now I want to talk a bit about monetization. Last year was a big year for us here. We started off the year with no ads at all in mobile, and we ended up with approximately 23% of our ads revenue coming from mobile in the fourth quarter. That's a pretty amazing change. One of the big drivers of this, has been that as we rolled out ads to News Feed, we found that it barely affected the level of engagement on Facebook. We thought that we could make this work over time without a big impact if we spent a long time tuning the ads, but the numbers turned out even better than we thought without much tuning, so this has enabled us to show people  a few ads in News Feed each day. 
So that means that now we have this News Feed ad business that we have barely tuned, and there's a big opportunity in front of us to make every ad that we're showing a lot better. The biggest ways that we're going to this are by improving targeting and relevance so we can show everyone content that they care more about, and by designing better ad products that aren't just about links and text and images.  For  targeting, I'm most excited about the work we're doing on Custom Audiences, our tool that lets advertisers upload their customer list and target against that, and information that is already on Facebook at the same time, perfectly. Say, my customers are in some age range and live in some states, you may not know which states your customers live in, but if they shared it on Facebook it's possible to create these kinds of experiences. 
For new ad experiences, I'm looking forward to doing more with different kinds of media. As our News Feed design evolves to show richer kinds of stories, that opens up new opportunities to offer different kinds of ads as well. Aside from ads, I do want to temper near-term expectations a little bit on revenue items coming from other areas, like Gifts or Graph Search. I think these can be big opportunities for us long term, but for the foreseeable future, the most important thing for us is to continue building out great consumer experiences around these products. We're going to invest in these, but for the next year at least, our work around ads will have by far the biggest impact on our business. 
Now, before I hand it off to Sheryl, there's one more thing I want to discuss. We're at an interesting point in our evolution, where there are lots of areas we need to invest in. We need to build the best mobile experiences, we need to build our platforms, and we need to build a really strong monetization engine. We can easily invest our entire engineering team just in building out the nuts and bolts of these areas today, but we also feel like there's an imperative to start planting seeds for tomorrow's businesses as well. 
Products like Graph Search, that are in beta today, but will hopefully grow up to be pillars of the Facebook service and businesses, are things that we want to invest in aggressively, and things we feel like it's the right thing for our business over the long term to invest in aggressively. Based on this, we made the decision to continue to grow our headcount quickly in 2013, particularly in Product Development. This will likely cause our expenses to grow at a faster rate than we expect to grow our revenue this year, which means  that  aren't operating to maximize our profit this year, but we're doing what we think will build the best service and business over the long term. 
Finally, I just want to take a minute to thank everyone who works at Facebook. Last year really was an amazing year for us, on many levels. We connected one billion people, we navigated the transition to becoming a mobile company, and we laid the foundation for some great new products I'm excited to show the world this year. And this is all because we have this unique culture, filled with some of the most talented people in the world, who are still mission-driven, who want to make the world a better place, and who work so hard to make the world that place. Thank you, all. Thanks to everyone who's on this call for taking the time to be with us today. I look forward to be able to report on all the progress we will make next quarter.  
And now I'll hand the podium over to Sheryl. 

Thanks, Mark. So our ad business continued its positive trajectory in the fourth quarter. Total fourth-quarter revenue was $1.585 billion, with $1.329 billion coming from ads. This represents a 41% increase for advertising revenue. Ad revenue from News Feed increased across both desktop and mobile, and in Q4, approximately 23% of our ad revenue came from mobile, up from approximately 14% in Q3. 
Our focus in the fourth quarter was to continue improving and scaling the products we launched in 2012. We know that our advertising products are delivering results for marketers, and one of the best indicators of this came over the holiday season, where more businesses, from big brands to small retailers, used us as a core part of their holiday outreach. Perhaps the biggest highlight in the fourth quarter was the increasing importance of mobile, not just to Facebook but also to our clients. Marketers are realizing more and more that Facebook is one of the best places to reach their customers on mobile, because of our unique ability to reach specific target audiences at scale. Another highlight is the traction our offers and Promoted Post products, which are really easy to use, have given us at local businesses. 
As I described last quarter, our strategies focus on three priorities. One, building products and tools that create value for every type of marketer. Two,  proving that value to marketers.  And three, taking advantage of the unique opportunity we have in mobile. Starting with the first. We build products that create value for every type of marketer. We continue our focus on four key customer segments; brand marketers, direct marketers, local businesses, and developers. For brand marketers, we combine access to the largest community of real people in the world, with some of the industry's best targeting capabilities. We now work with every one of the Ad Age Global 100 Advertisers and overall revenue from these clients is growing through consistently with our ad revenue in 2012, which means it significantly out paced the estimates for our overall ad spend from the industry. 
In the fourth quarter, we launched a new way for advertisers to buy guaranteed ad impressions, with the goal of helping them reach massive audiences on mobile. Wal-Mart used this target block over the important Thanksgiving weekend to deliver 50 million mobile ads to their existing and potential customers. We think this is a really important step in the evolution of mobile advertising, as these numbers rival the appeal of broader web and TV campaigns. Increasingly, companies use Facebook as the exclusive channel to launch new products. To share one example, Michael Kors used Facebook to launch a line of new sneakers. Many of the sneakers sold out online and in stores, and they achieved a 16 point increase in awareness of the sneaker among the 36 million people that the campaign reached on Facebook. That's the equivalent of 5.8 million new people in the brand's target audience, who are now aware of the new line of shoes. 
For direct marketers, the products we launched in the third quarter continued to gain traction in Q4 as well. Since we launched our office products at the end of September, we have seen stronger advertiser adoption and user engagement, with nearly 42 million unique users claiming an offer. Cost per redemption compare favorably to those from e-mail, newspaper, paid search and display media, based on data from the Direct marketing Association. Discounts and promotions are often an important tactic for direct marketers and we think our Offers product is well-placed to compete in these media budgets. 
As Mark said, one of the products we're most excited about is Custom Audiences, which lets marketers show their ads to exactly the right people, by coupling our rich targeting capabilities with their own customer data, or data from a third party. A large retailer, for example, can send one set of ads to customers who typically buy sporting goods, and a different set of ads to those who would purchase TV products. This results in some of the best targeting available on or off line today. 
To share one example, [Jax Rags], an online shopping site for men, used Custom Audiences to target specific segments of its customer database, and target them with ads for products that the Company knew were most relevant to them, such as sneakers. As a result, the Company achieved a 30% lower cost per acquisition than other platforms, and saw a 6-times return on advertising spend. It's important to understand that Custom Audiences is not a separate standalone ad product, but rather a targeting capability that can be used with many of our ad products to drive greater accuracy and efficiency. For example, when Custom Audiences is used with Offers, marketers can customize discounts for exactly the right kind of customer. 
The Facebook exchange or FBX allows businesses to bid on specific ad impressions in realtime, and it continues to gain momentum and drive solid results for advertisers. Despite only becoming available to all marketers in September, by December, FBX served nearly one billion impressions daily, and supported over 1,300 advertisers each day. Large and small advertisers alike are seeing higher click-through rates, lower costs for conversion and strong incremental reaches in FBX. 
Revenue from local businesses was particularly strong in the fourth quarter. We're pleased that the number of local business pages that advertised and Facebook nearly doubled since the beginning of 2012. This is due in no small part to our Promoted Post product, which makes it easier for businesses to create and purchase ads directly from their Facebook page. Almost 500,000 pages have used Promoted Posts. About 30% of these are new advertisers to Facebook, and more than 70% have become repeat customers. 
Finally, for developers, we continue to gain traction with our new mobile App install ads. Since their launch in October, they are already being used by 20% of the Top 100 grossing iOS Apps to accelerate growth. According to research conducted by comScore in December, Facebook is the top driver of awareness of new mobile App downloads, and among people who learn about new Apps on Facebook, 48% click directly from the Facebook App to download new mobile Apps. 
Cie Games used this product to drive installs of its new game, Car Town 2. As a result, it broke into the Top 10 games list on iOS in many countries, while achieving a 40% lower cost per installation compared to their other advertising. In addition to games, we believe this will be a very useful product to help companies and industries like retail, travel and financial services shift their businesses to mobile. 
Next, I want to focus on our commitment to proving value -- proving Facebook value to marketers. We designed all of our products to deliver a strong return on investment. Given that we are still a relatively new marketing platform, proving that our ads are effective remains an important and ongoing priority for us. We work with research companies like Nielsen, Aggregate Knowledge and Datalogix, to demonstrate how our ads drive sales and help inform our product development. For example, research from Aggregate Knowledge shows that Facebook is an increasingly powerful tool to help marketers reach more people and drive sales. 
In a study of fourth-quarter marketing campaigns, they found that media plans that included Facebook reached people who would not have seen the campaigns otherwise. In fact, 45% of those reached were reached exclusively through Facebook. The study also found that Facebook had a 68% lower cost per acquisition, and drove 24% more new sales than other online channels. We also worked with clients directly to integrate with their own measurement systems, so they can better understand the ROI Facebook delivers. For example, we built a deep relationship with PepsiCo, where we worked with its Lays brand to drive significant sales ahead of plan, and a 5X return on ad spend, for their Do Us a Flavor campaign on Facebook. In the fourth quarter, we also made conversion tracking available in beta. Conversion tracking allows marketers of all sizes to more easily measure the impact of their Facebook advertising, whether the Facebook ad is the first ad or the last ad the person sees before taking an action. 
Finally, I want to discuss how we are continuing to take advantage of the significant opportunity we have in mobile. As mentioned before, approximately 23% of our advertising revenue now comes from mobile. In addition, 65% of our advertisers are now using ads in News Feed, which run on both desktop and mobile, up from 50% at the end of the third quarter. Marketers are recognizing that our News Feed is the most efficient and effective place to reach their customers, due in large part to the fact that ads in News Feed see a higher click-through rate and ultimately a lower cost for conversion than ads on the right hand side of our site. By working with Datalogix, we have shown that ads in News Feed also drives more than 8 times the incremental off line sales than ads on the right hand side. Clients also recognize that, because our users share their real identities on Facebook, and because they are logged in when they use Facebook on mobile, we have a unique ability to serve advertising that people find relevant. This is an important competitive advantage for us, relative to other mobile platforms, and one we think we are very unique in. 
Overall, we continue to make real progress advancing our advertising strategy. Our revenue and key metrics are growing nicely, and as we look ahead to 2013, we're very confident in the direction of our ad business. Over one billion people are on Facebook, and we are enabling businesses to engage with them directly wherever they are. Our massive scale, accurate targeting, strength in mobile, and new advertising products are driving measurable results for all types of businesses, and transforming the way people and businesses connect. We look forward to making even more progress in these areas in the year ahead. 
Now, I'll hand it over to David. 

Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased with the progress we have made in Q4 against our key financial priorities, growing revenue, investing aggressively  in areas critical to our future performance, and positioning the Company to maximize long-term financial returns. We ended the year with 1.06 billion people using Facebook, up 25% from a year ago. In December, 618 million people accessed Facebook each day on average, up 28% from last year, and we grew monthly and daily users across all geographic regions. Mobile continues to drive our growth. 680 million people accessed Facebook from Mobile Devices in December, up 57% versus last year, and the numbers I just mentioned do not include Instagram, which continues to grow at an impressive rate. We ended 2012 with strong engagement across our products, and this engagement remains a foundation for everything we're trying to build. 
Turning to revenue, in Q4, revenue was up 40% year-over-year, or 42% when adjusted for constant exchange rates. Q4 year-over-year growth would have been 34%, if adjusted to exclude the additional month of Payments transactions we recognized as planned. Ad revenue in Q4 was up 41% or 43%, when adjusted for constant exchange rates. Year-over-year advertising growth in Q4 was the strongest of any quarter in 2012, and we view this as a validation of our recent investments in mobile News Feed ads, growing our advertiser base, and launching new ad products. 
In the fourth quarter, ad impressions were up 46%, and average price per ad was down 4% compared to last year. These trends were driven by significantly faster impression growth in developing markets such as Asia and Latin America, which have relatively lower pricing and thereby brought down our average price overall. The faster impression growth in developing markets in Q4 was significantly affected by product changes, primarily our decision to lower the market reserve price, or the floor price we accept in our auction, which increased the number of ads shown in these markets. We continue to see positive trends in price per ad in key developed markets, including an 18% increase in average price in the US and Canada in Q4. 
Payments and other revenue was $256 million in Q4. As planned, in Q4, we recognized revenue from four months of payments transactions, for accounting reasons detailed in our last 10-Q. Adjusting for the extra month, Payments' revenues from games was essentially flat with the fourth quarter of 2011. This past quarter, Payments and other revenue also included around $5 million from sources outside of games, primarily user-Promoted Posts, and to a lesser extent, from our new Gifts product. 
Shifting now to expenses. In Q4, our total GAAP expenses were $1.06 billion. Excluding the impact of stock compensation, total expenses increased 67% to $849 million, driven primarily by headcount and infrastructure. We ended 2012 with just over 4,600 employees, a 44% increase from last year, driven by hiring in our technical groups. We were recently ranked the number one place to work by Glass Door, which we view as a testament to how strong our culture remains, through this period of significant headcount growth. 
In Q4, our GAAP operating income was $523 million. Excluding stock comp, our non-GAAP operating income was $736 million, representing a 46% operating margin. Our GAAP tax rate for Q4 was 87%, and our non-GAAP tax rate was 41%. For 2013, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be a few percentage points higher than the rate in Q4. Additionally, we ended the year with approximately $5.8 billion in NOL tax loss carryforwards, created by stock compensation. GAAP net income and EPS for the fourth quarter was $64 million or $0.03 per share, non-GAAP net income and EPS was $426 million or $0.17 per share, compared to $0.15 in Q4 last year. We ended Q4 with $9.6 billion in cash and investments, giving us great flexibility and risk protection. 
Looking forward now, we believe we've built a solid foundation for continued growth in 2013 and beyond. In our ads business, we believe we have good momentum and plan to continue investing to grow advertiser demand and improve the quality, engagement and value of our ads, particularly in News Feed. In terms of 2013 expectations for Payments, our games ecosystem continues to show healthy signs of diversification, with new kinds of games growing engagement and monetization in Q4. However, we continue to face an offsetting headwind from declining desktop usage in developed markets, since our games payments revenue is essentially all from desktop computers. In terms of non-games payments revenue, while we remain excited about the long-term potential of commerce on Facebook, current revenue from user-Promoted Posts and Gifts is very small, and we expect 2013 contributions from these initiatives to remain very small, given current run rates. 
In terms of infrastructure, we expect CapEx spend in 2013 will be in the neighborhood of $1.8 billion, as we continue to invest in servers, new data centers, and network infrastructure to enable us to bring Facebook speedily and reliably to everyone around the world. We're pleased that planned 2013 CapEx spend is up relatively modestly compared to 2012, which came in under forecast at a shade under $1.6 billion, as our investments in software and hardware efficiency are paying off nicely. As Mark noted, 2013 will be a year of significant investment in areas we believe are critical to drive long-term engagement and monetization, and we plan to continue to hire aggressively to accelerate product development, and deliver new products for users and advertisers. 
As a result of our hiring and investment plans, we expect that our total expenses, excluding stock comp, will likely grow by somewhere around 50% in 2013, though actual growth will depend on hiring and project decisions we make through the year. We believe this level of near-term investment is the right strategic decision, to enable long-term value creation. We're excited about the potential returns from investing in our product. We continue to feel there's operating leverage inherent in our business, and we're committed to building a highly-profitable cash-generating business over the long term. 
In summary, we believe we're entering 2013 in a strong position. We're working in very large markets that offer us great opportunities for growth. We have uniquely-valuable assets in terms of the size, identity, and engagement of the people who use Facebook, and we have a fantastic group of employees who have big aspirations to build on our financial performance from 2012. 
Now, let's open the call for questions.