Question_1:

    Thanks for taking the question. Mark, it's been a couple quarters that you've talked about video first. Can you just talk about the strategic importance of longer form content? And then, also how do you think about that, in terms of distribution platforms both on the Facebook Mobile app, and then through other distribution formats as well? Thanks.

Question_2:

    Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one, Mark, is on Instagram, 400 million daily active users. Curious to be, [interesting] how you think about the core use of Instagram now, and how it differs from core Facebook? And how do you think about that evolving over time, and the monetization of Instagram evolving over time?
And then, the second one, just to go back to Doug's question on the content. I know, Dave, you mentioned content spend as being part of the investment. Should we think about the content investment being more driven on rev share, or do you see yourselves going out and writing, and doing licensing deals? Thanks so much.

Question_3:

    Thanks for taking the question. Maybe two, sticking on the same theme as what Doug and Brian just talked about. Sheryl, for you, would love to get a sense of how you think about some of the opportunities and challenges sitting ahead of the business now, on monetizing all of the video that's being consumed on Facebook?
And then maybe, Dave, for you, when we think about the P&L impacts of both monetizing video and investing in video, is there anything we should be thinking about, or you want to call out, in terms of gross versus net on either the revenue side or the revenue share side, that could be leading to mix shift to incremental revenue growth, but possibly lower margin revenue coming into the business? Thanks so much.

Question_4:

    Great. Thank you.

Question_5:

    Great. Thanks. Just a couple questions. With the strategic shift to video, how do you view the state of the digital flash mobile video measurement? Any call out on improvements being done industry-wide, and within Facebook? And then, just on video search, could you just comment on improvements in video search capabilities for users? Thank you.

Question_6:

    Thanks for taking my questions. I think the first one might be directed at Sheryl. Your reported pricing metric, I realize there's typically been noise in that. I think it's up 3% year-on-year.
First of all, is that sort of representative for general pricing changes in the marketplace, and do you think that there's still room for upside in pricing? And if so, where are some of the key areas that you -- where you see that coming from?
And then, another question on video. As you've begun to push more video content to users within the Facebook app itself, are you witnessing any meaningful changes in engagement time spent, with a typical Facebook app user? Thank you.

Question_7:

    Great. A couple things. First, we know a lot of political activity, obviously in Q4. Did that contribute anything abnormally to revenues or users?
Second question, and I know you'll be getting a lot of this over the next two or three months, but just any difference on trends, millennials on the platform, versus other cohorts or groups, just thinking about how those are trending versus the other groups? And then finally, I think we've seen some ads on Messenger being tested in certain regions of the world. Any commentary on that would be helpful? Thank you.

Question_8:

    David, I think you just talked about this, a pretty material increase in MAUs. Can I ask two questions? The Asia area MAU growth in particular, I think it was something like 44 million sequentially, that's the biggest that I think you've ever had. So could you just talk about, was there some particular markets, some particular region there that added to it?
And then, since we're talking Asia, can you just comment, Mark, on China? And how you think about it, long-term as a market opportunity, and your level of optimism that Facebook can have a material presence in that market in 5 to 10 years? Thank you.

Question_9:

    The China question.

Question_10:

    Great. Thank you for taking the questions. I had two. I was just wondering, Mark, you mentioned -- similar to how you referenced Facebook and Instagram being complementary, how do you think about WhatsApp and Messenger? And I'm wondering if there's different paths to monetization over time for each of these?
And then, my second question, I guess, might be for any of you, just you, Dave, have mentioned expectations for slower growth in ad load on core Facebook in the second half of this year. How should we think about the potential for ad load growth on Instagram? Thank you.

Question_11:

    Thanks very much. Two for Sheryl, if I could. First of all, Sheryl, when it comes to measurement, I'm curious if you could comment on what appear to be the really successful efforts you've had in linking on Facebook ad exposure to both offline and online sales of your customers.
And I guess, if we think across, maybe your 1,000 largest clients, any chance you could give us a sense of what percentage are utilizing this level of kind of advanced measurement, in terms of measuring actual sales lift, and share gains? And then, secondly, just wondering if there's any color around the pretty recent roll out of buy buttons on Instagram? Thank you very much.

Question_12:

    Thanks. Just on the OpEx for 2017, you mentioned R&D content, sales, marketing. As we think about R&D, and also the talent shortages that are in data science and engineering, not to mention the potentially, it getting worse around immigration, et cetera. How should we think about that potentially factoring in, as we look out through 2017, and maybe a little bit further out?

Question_13:

    Thanks. Mark, on AI maybe, you mentioned improved recommendations, and we've interacted with chat bots on Messenger. Maybe curious overall, how you see artificial intelligence and machine learning processes impacting your business over time?

Question_14:

    Hi, thanks. I had two questions for Mark. Wondering, Mark, if you could talk a bit more about the new video tab, just early engagement trends, user feedback? And really just how the product works in terms of categorization of content, user preference targeting, and maybe how the content flows into the tab, versus being in the news feed, and to the extent that there's duplication there?
And then separately, VR and AR continues to be in the 10 year vision for the business. Mark, was wondering if you could provide some detail on what you think the friction points are, that are keeping that from being on a more accelerated commercialization path? Thank you.

Question_15:

    Thanks a lot for fitting me in. A couple for Mark. Mark, just on the theme of video, given the strong cash position that Facebook has, the cash on the balance sheet, the free cash flow generation of the Company, are there any possible acquisitions out there, that you think would or could super-charge your growth in the video space, in the original content space, given this evolution?
And maybe, along those lines, what do you think about live sports in terms of the video use case? Is that working on Facebook? You've experimented, you experimented with NBA games on Facebook outside the US, NBA D-League on Facebook. So just wanted to get your thoughts on how those have gone? Thanks a lot.

